(a young Ferengi) Hurry up! Now. (The alien ransacking the shelves keeps going.) Now! (They leave through a broken piece of metal mesh onto the chaotic Promenade) [Promenade]
What do you want, Human? I know who you are. Why do you care? Nog. My name's Nog. [Commander's office] Garanian bolites. Come on.
No, father. Yes, father. Tonight. Every rail. (The small figure is making his way slowly down the Promenade) I don't have my essay. My PADD was stolen. It happened in Quark's. I put it on a table and there were some Vulcans nearby Yes, sir. Because they don't have ethics? (Giggles around the room) It's the truth. Ask Jake. He was with me. Go on. Tell him. Yes. Can I go now? I have homework. All right, I'm going. I'm through with school. I mean I don't have to attend those boring classes anymore. It's the right decision. No. I don't belong there. You mean like ethics? You don't understand. I'm a Ferengi. For me, school is a waste of time. Because there's no profit in it. Because you're a stupid human. I don't know why I bother with you. It wasn't important. That's what my father says. Yes. When my father finds out, he won't be happy. What is it? There are four teen Planets in the Bajoran. What's that word? System. The lar, largest planet is Bajor. It has three moons? The third moon, it has [Quark's quarters] (Rom is fastening Quark's collar for him) How about as soon as you get out of school. (A Vulcan woman walks past in a tight catsuit. The boy's hormones kick in.)
No. Because baseball is slow and boring. It's a stupid game that even humans stopped playing hundreds of years ago. We can see things better from down here. I have never seen anything so beautiful. (Varis and her advisor) All right? I have to meet her. [Sirah's chamber] You saw the readout. There's only one female her age visiting the station, and these are her quarters. Well, go ahead. Ring the bell. Are you afraid? Then ring. You are afraid. My name's Jog. I mean Jake. That's right. Welcome to DS Nine. Good idea. Then you're in luck, 'cos we know the best spot on the station for wormhole watching. Where do you think she is? When we find her, let me do the talking. Just remember, I saw her first. She's mine. (They go up the stairs) That's a lie. I never said that. All I said was [Promenade - upper level] (Varis is sitting in their usual spot, feet dangling in the air) Oh, er, we were just How badly do they want it? Is there anything they have that you want? Maybe this isn't a problem. Maybe it's an opportunity. I ask my dad, too. No. Mine, too, in his own way. Could we please talk about something besides your father? Odo. Is there anything we can do to cheer you up? You sure? Yes? Yes. Instinct. The ninth Rule of Acquisition clearly states opportunity plus instinct equals profit. Good. Let's celebrate. I took one of my uncle's security rods. I don't know. We could swipe Odo's bucket. Yeah. We'll give it back. It'll be funny. Watch me. [Promenade] Wait over there. Watch the front door. I'll be right back. Found it. (Odo's bucket is broader at the base than the top. Very sensible design. Nog trips, and goo flies from the bucket all over Jake.) It's oatmeal. I filled it from the replicator. You should have seen your face! (They all laugh, then Odo enters)
Five thousand wrappages. That's a lot of yamok sauce. It'd be a shame to let it to go to waste. Jake, I'm getting that tingle in the lobes. And when a lobe tingles, it means only one thing. Opportunity. I'm talking about gold-pressed latinum. Maybe four or five bars. You've got a lot to learn about opportunity. Come on. Excuse me, sir. Are you the captain of the Lissepian cargo ship? And you do a lot of trading with the Cardassians? Yes, I've heard that. I've also heard they love their yamok sauce. We're not buying. We're selling. Original, not replicated. We have connections. And they can be yours for say, five bars of gold-pressed latinum. That's a lot of yamok sauce. We were counting on latinum. I don't think so. We deal strictly in latinum. (Jake takes Nog off to the side) What are we going to do with stem bolts? Sir, I've discussed it with my partner, and you have a deal. Now the question is, what do we do with a hundred gross of self-sealing stem bolts. Uncle Quark. It'll never happen again, Uncle. You know, I was trying to find some storage space for the shipment of lokar beans that are due in tomorrow. Is it okay if I stack them on top of the yamok sauce? If I can reach that high. Do you want me to get rid of it? I can take it to the matter reclamation unit. A self-sealing stem bolt. There's a difference. What's important is that it's top grade merchandise. You can't get a better stem bolt in this sector. That's a lot of stem bolts. It belongs to my Uncle Quark. They're stem bolts. I'll certainly do that, sir. It's just that my Uncle Quark really needed some stem bolts. That's right. That's it. Self-sealing stem bolts. The usual. Well, you know. Why does anybody use self-sealing stem bolts? Then how did you know they're self-sealing? I would've bet anything that he would have known what they were. Wait. I know who can tell us what self-sealing stem bolts are. The Bajoran who ordered them in the first place. His name's got to be on the shipping codes. He couldn't afford them, remember? But we'll offer to sell them to him at a discount. [Ops] (Kira enters) We're, the Nog and, er the Noh-Jay Consortium, and we have a hundred gross of self-sealing stem bolts. And we were wondering We'll let you have them for five bars of gold-pressed latinum. Four bars. Three bars. I would consider one bar of latinum. I don't want something. I want latinum. For what? It's nothing but dirt. First yamok sauce, then stem bolts, now tessipates, and still no profit. You can? Dirt. [Cottage] I'm thinking. Latinum. And how we don't have any. All we have is dirt. What are we supposed to do with this land? To who? We should've kept the stem bolts. How do you know? You can't build anything without bolts. Uncle Quark? But Uncle Quark. It's important. I have a business opportunity that might interest you. It'll only cost you five bars of gold-pressed latinum. (Quark works it out)
I've been looking all over for you. Rio Grande. It'll be okay. We'll see each other at the Hanolan colony in a few days. But my dad told me This'll be over in no time. We'll be back in school driving Mrs O'Brien crazy again in a few days. Hey, Human. Has there ever been one of your kind and one of mine who were better friends? And if our fathers couldn't break us up, no stupid coupe day. Coupe dey No stupid French thing will either. We'll see each other again soon. That's a promise.
You go out on a date with a dabo girl for the first time and you sit there and tell me it was no big deal? Does your father know you went out with her? He doesn't? Good thinking. Too bad I won't ever be able to use that lie. My dad knows I never do homework. A dabo girl who studies entomology? Sure. What is entomology? You mean she wants to be a chef? (Jake shakes his head, then looks down to see Tumak hanging around the Replimat) I don't know. What's he doing? (Tumak waits until a couple leave their table, then goes for the leftovers) That's disgusting. Doesn't he know what a replicator's for? Idiot. So, does Mardah have any sisters? [Ops] (WHOOSH) Can't talk now! Got to run! Who's running? Me? You're the one who stinks! No! It was a joke! Hey, here's a new one. What kind of name is Plix Tixiplik? Wanted in seven star systems for illegal weapon sales. Weapon sales, huh? Very profitable. My Uncle Quark told me. He, er, he, er No, Uncle. It's all a misunderstanding. I'm sorry? I will? I won't? I mean I won't. I promise. Never again. Can I leave now? About what? He was very angry. He always gets angry when I get caught. (Tumak and co are coming towards them. Nog does a 180) I just remembered. I have some errands to run for my uncle. You see, Jake? There's a man with a sense of humour. I suppose. I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Uncle Quark? I just wanted to tell you I'm not going to be able to work my shift for the next couple of days. I'm going to the Gamma Quadrant with Jake and his father. I always wanted to see what the cockpit of a runabout looked like. Hey, how do you fire the phasers? I wasn't going to touch anything. I'll do it. (Nog grabs the bags and leaves) Uncle Quark, what are you doing here? I think they mean the trees and stuff. Rule of Acquisition number one oh two. We're going to check other water sources just to be sure. Jumbowhat? Yes! [Campsite] (At the end of the meal, as the crickets sing and the fire crackles) Me neither, Commander, but it was very good. You know, I think I'm developing a taste for human food. Yes, Uncle. I'm telling you, Jake, something's happened to them. Maybe they were attacked by a wild animal. Maybe they were attacked by a vicious tree? We'd better beam up to the runabout. Hey, who said anything about being scared? I just thought the runabout would be a good place to er, to plan our next move. Hey! Wait for me. [Containment area] (The three are in a circle of light with a low boundary. It appears to be in an underground cavern.) Are you sure you know how to read that thing? Pretty sure? We've been walking for hours and you're only pretty sure? I don't know who they are, but they don't look friendly. I don't think they'll look any friendlier close up. [Containment area] I hope this works. That's them. I knew it couldn't be that easy. Good idea. Computer, fly us back to the station. Go ahead. What are you waiting for? Computer, evasive manoeuver! Fire phasers! Launch torpedoes and escape pods! Maybe they didn't see us. So what do we do now? How do we do that? From the looks of things, you haven't been watching very closely. Try that one. Try it. I have a hunch. Put it back! Put it back! Sorry. What about it? Is that it? All right! Yes! Now what? I'm telling you, Jake, we should go to warp. How hard can it be? But at this speed, it'll take weeks to get home. Can't we reassemble the autopilot? Where? Where? How'd you know? Uncle Quark!
My Dad said that you were looking for me. Don't worry, I've already taken care of that. I met these three Terrellians who were bragging about how great they are at dom-jot. So I arranged a game, us against them. No, we don't. I guarantee we'll beat them. But it has to be tomorrow night. They're leaving the next day. What could be more important than dom-jot? Oh. Well, that's different. Yeah. Money is money, but women are better. It's a personal rule. So, who is she? Leanne! Way to go, Jake. So, what is the name of my date? I hope she's as cute as Leanne. She has a friend, right? Then tell her to bring her along. That's because you were confused. Would you rather the three of us go out? Exactly. Just one thing, Jake. You're still pretty new at this dating business. Just promise me you won't do anything to embarrass me. Ah, this'll be great. Maybe I'll even wash my lobes. [Operating theatre] Boy, Jake, she talks a lot for a female. Let's not make foolish conversation. Just sit there and look beautiful. I think I know how to handle females. Jake, you know, I've been thinking. After we're done eating, we could take the females to the holosuites. I borrowed one of my uncle's private programmes, The Massacre on Ferris Six. We could spend an hour pillaging and looting the frightened townspeople. No one's asking you to think, my dear. Here, make yourself useful. Cut up my food for me. She's so dumb. She's perfect. Don't say another word, Jake. I think you've done enough damage for one night. Yeah, you. You were treating my female as if she was an equal. And you can find someone else to play dom-jot with. Good! [Infirmary] Argh! This is outrageous! I didn't steal anything from a Tholian Ambassador! What is he doing here? I don't even know what a Tholian looks like! At least put me in my own cell. Something's wrong. That's not what I mean. My father told me that if I got caught stealing again, he would send me back to live on the Ferengi homeworld with my grandmother. So where is he? Why isn't he here yelling and threatening me? And where's Uncle Quark? I'm late for work. And come to think of it, what are you doing here? No, no, no. Throwing you in here wasn't Odo's idea. You don't just arrest the station commander's son without some really strong evidence. And I know there is no evidence because I know we didn't do anything. So why are we in here, Jake? In here? Well, this better be good. You forgot? To most people, the lobes are a dead giveaway. I know we're different. I mean, anyone who talks to a female with fawning respect is no Ferengi. It made me sick. At least I didn't have her chew. That's right. In traditional Ferengi homes, the females soften the food with her teeth before they give it to the males. I knew you would react that way, which is why I didn't have her do it. Plenty. And I know plenty of human customs that disgust me. Well, in that case, double-dating is definitely out. I guess so. You feel better? Good. Now can we get out of here?
Tell him it's urgent. I told you he'd see me. [Commander's office] (Nog is carrying a bundle of something.) Commander, first let me express my most sincere thanks for allowing me to speak with you. I wanted to give you this. (Nog puts the bundle on the desk, and it clinks.) Open it. (Bars of metal.) It's latinum. Yesterday I completed the Ferengi Attainment Ceremony. I'm an adult. Thank you. According to Ferengi by-laws, section one oh five, subparagraph ten, upon reaching adulthood, Ferengi males must purchase an apprenticeship from a suitable role model. I choose you. That's right. I want to be the first Ferengi in Starfleet. Now, who do I see about getting a uniform? All right. Where do I sign up? A command level officer? You mean, like you? Then you'll write the letter. Thank you, Commander. I know you'll make the right decision. Keep it. Consider it a token of my appreciation. [Lunar caverns] Here you are, Father. We're working as fast as we can. The replicators' entire power supply grid has been shorted out. He tried to warn you, Uncle Quark. You should've listened to him. If you're here to order lunch, you'll have to come back in an hour. What? I wasn't joking. Did you tell your father I was joking? How could you do that to me? I want you to go back to your father and tell him that you were wrong. I'm saying it now. I have my reasons. Why should I? It's not a secret. I just don't feel like talking about it. Because it's personal. Now stop asking me. There's nothing to figure out. I'm joining Starfleet, and that's that. Now, if you don't mind, I have a lot of work to do. [Runabout Mekong] Commander Sisko, have you made up your mind yet about my letter? What does that mean, not exactly? Why not? Because I'm a Ferengi? Okay, okay, so I've made some mistakes. I admit that. But I can do better. Just give me a chance. [Commander's office] The entire cargo bay? By myself? When does Commander Sisko want it done? He'll have it tonight, before he goes off duty. Now if you don't mind, Lieutenant, I'd like to get started. [Chamber] (Odo's brought in lights and a generator. The crystal is up to her breast bone and she's holding up her arms.) You wanted to see me, Commander? I appreciate that, Commander. Turn me down? Why? Did I do something wrong? Commander, can't we talk about this? That's not true. I'm a hard worker. I proved that to you. It's not just a whim. I'm serious about joining Starfleet. It's not a joke or a scheme. I want to join Starfleet. I want it more than anything I've ever wanted anything in my life. I don't care about profit. Because I don't want to end up like my father. That's right. My father. He's been chasing profit his whole life, and what has it gotten him? Nothing. And you know why? Because he doesn't have the lobes. And neither do I. Is no Ferengi at all. My father is a mechanical genius. He could've been Chief Engineer of a starship if he'd had the opportunity. But he went into business, like a good Ferengi. The only thing is, he's not a good Ferengi, not when it comes to acquiring profit. So now all he has to live for is the slim chance that someday, somehow, he might be able to take over my uncle's bar. Well, I'm not going to make the same mistake. I want to do something with my life. Something worthwhile. I may not have an instinct for business, but I have my father's hands and my uncle's tenacity. I know I've got something to offer, I just need the chance to prove it. You're going to recommend me to Starfleet Academy? Commander, I don't know how to thank you. Don't worry. You're never going to regret this. [Chamber] (It's up to her chin. Odo is checking the scorch marks on the wall behind her.) But Uncle Quark Like father, like son. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Going to warp. (Jake is knocking on the runabout window.) Get out of here, Jake. I'm in the middle of a simulation. I said, get out of here. Computer, end programme. [Holosuite] (Nog falls backwards.) Look what you made me do. Why did you come in here? I didn't realise it'd gotten so late. Sorry. Pretty good. I've improved my reaction time by almost twenty percent, but I've got to get it up another five. Exactly. I'd better. [Quark's cafe] If I don't get into the programme, I'll never be admitted to the Academy next year. If I do well. I have to show the admissions committee how determined I am to become a cadet. Uncle, he wants to be a writer. There's no profit in that. I don't think so, Uncle. One day at a time. Right. I thought this was going to be a runabout simulation. But that's what I practised. What was that? I just don't understand how I could have failed, Father. Now I won't qualify to take the Academy entrance exam. My Starfleet career is over before it even started. Thank you, sir. I know I haven't earned the right to wear it yet, but my father got it for me. Yeah. Okay. A root beer. It's an Earth drink. Something they serve at the Academy.
Jake, I'm almost done. We have holosuite three for half an hour. Yes, Uncle. Sorry, looks like we're going to lose our holosuite reservation. Are you sure? Next time we go ion surfing, remind me to keep clear of those whip curls. You know, Jake I'm going to be gone soon. We probably won't see each other for a while. So, what are your plans? That'd be great. We'd both be on Earth together. Okay. [Jake's bedroom] (Jake is tossing and turning when there's a blue light. Jake wakes up to see - Sisko lying against a chair.) It's good to see you. What are we having? Fish? When these woods are crawling with perfectly good slugs? I have to admit I've been more popular with women since I stopped asking them to do that. I'm a slow learner. The Klingons agreed to let Starfleet send an expedition through the wormhole. They said it was in the spirit of scientific exchange, but I think they were happy to have us test the waters in the Gamma Quadrant after all these years. Find out how the Dominion would react to ships coming through. I'm sorry to say it's looking a little run down these days. But you'll never guess who's still there. No, no. He and my Uncle left years ago. Quark finally got that little moon he was always talking about, and my father, as usual, is making sure it doesn't fall out of orbit. But Morn is still there, running the bar! To my dear friend Jake Sisko, winner of this year's Betar prize for his Collected Stories. May the years continue to be good to you, may your muse continue to inspire you, and may someone make a holoprogram out of one of your stories so you can start raking in the latinum. (A tea cup smashes and we're back to the future again. Jake's breathing is getting more difficult.) Take us out of warp. Look. (DS9 floats onto the viewscreen) We're picking up temporal distortions in the subspace field. According to our readings, it's going to kick out a gravimetric wave like the one that almost destroyed the Defiant last time. I'd better get back to the bridge. Good luck.
That'll be three strips of latinum. Sold. Let the buying commence. No reasonable offer will be refused. My favourite holosuite programme. A Visit with the Pleasure Goddess of Rixx. Yours for a mere ten strips of latinum. Out of a replicator? And it was sitting here on the bar all along. That's incredible. Two thousand, one hundred and forty seven. Just kidding. But it was a lot. Maybe so, but I can't think of anyone I'd rather do nothing with than you. Doctor, if you're trying to return something from the sale A guidebook? You mean it'll teach me how to attract human females? I'm sure it'll come in handy. Thank you. Well, I'd better get going. My father and Uncle Quark are waiting for me. The best. [Ops] It says here that humans didn't even have currency until five thousand years ago. Let alone banking, speculative investments or a unified global economy. But think about it, uncle. That means they went from being savages with a simple barter system to leaders of a vast interstellar Federation in only five thousand years It took us twice as long to establish the Ferengi Alliance, and we had to buy warp technology from the Uncle, are you smuggling kemacite? Isn't that dangerous? As a Starfleet cadet, it's my duty to report any violation of Federation law to my superiors immediately. But then again, I haven't been sworn in yet. I'll take ten percent. Father, have you ever heard of the  Bell Riots? But doesn't this Gabriel Bell human look just like Captain Sisko? You mean sabotage? He never did like you very much, Uncle. The last thing I remember was father taking the shuttle in for an emergency landing. One thing's for sure, this isn't Starfleet Academy. Leave him alone. If it wasn't for my father, we'd all be dead. The Vault of Eternal Destitution? No. They don't have universal translators. I recognise those uniforms from my guidebook. They're from the twentieth century. More than four hundred years. Those are military uniforms from one of the old nation states. Australia or something. They weren't just stupid. They were violent, petty, bigoted and selfish. It does here. In the twentieth century humans used crude nuclear reactors as weapons. They called them atom bombs. They used to blow them up all the time. I think it's called tobacco. It's a deadly drug. When used frequently, it destroys the internal organs. It's also highly addictive. They buy it in stores. Uncle, I hope you're not thinking of doing anything that would disrupt the timeline. Changing the history of Earth could effect the entire galaxy. The Federation, Deep Space Nine, your bar could all cease to exist. Nurse Garland, I'm having trouble with my ear again. Could you massage it some more? No. I feel more comfortable with you. (So he gets some oo-mox.) Ah! Much better. I'm not tired. Is he going to let us leave? And go where? Even if we get out of here, we're still going be trapped four hundred years in the past. But Uncle, what about the timeline? Don't you people have laws against this kind of thing? You want the truth, I'll tell you the truth. We're advance scouts for the Ferengi invasion fleet. We've been studying you puny Earthlings for centuries and you're ripe for conquest. It's no use, Supreme Commander. They've seen through our cover. But knowing our plans won't do them any good. Even now three hundred Marauder-class attack cruisers are orbiting your planet preparing for the attack. When the appointed hour arrives, the Marauders will deactivate their cloaking devices and begin transporting Klingon shock troops directly to the landing zone. Why not? Your feeble weapons will be useless against us. We will kill all your males, and take your females to mate with. Untie me and I will show you on that map. The first landing parties will arrive here. (Nog gestures vaguely towards the great lakes.) Here. Right by that blue blob. No, not Cleveland. Right here. (Nog elbows Wainwright and goes for his gun, but the remaining MP aims weapon at Nog.) It was an accident. I tripped. I didn't mean to do it. I'm really, really, sorry. Thank you. For a primitive female, she's pretty smart. You're sure they're going to be detonating an atomic bomb today? My dad. Always thinking. Did we make it? Yes. Definitely. Maybe. But I like 'em. [Airlock]
Jake! (Nog is in a grey Starfleet cadet's uniform) Captain Sisko. What do you think? You think so? You are. I'm just here for dinner. Nathan, the usual. I don't. I like tube grubs, and your father is the only person on this planet who can get me live ones. Cook them? What good are tube grubs if they don't wriggle on the way down? Jake, they call it the Academy, but what it really is is school. It's a lot of work. Lots of classes, lots of studying. I'm doing okay. Now where are those tube grubs? (Later, the last of the satisfied customers are leaving.) Ah. There's nothing like a full stomach to make life worth living. What do you mean? My friend the writer. Always looking for a good story. It's nothing. It's stupid. It's just the Academy is different than I thought it would be. Some of the cadets. They're kind of standoffish, especially the upperclassmen. That's what I thought at first. But then I heard some of the other freshmen complaining about the same thing. Little things. For instance, there's this group called Red Squad made up of all the top students. They're always going off on trips, getting special training. None of them will even talk to me. I am a good guy to be around, aren't I? Captain Sisko. I hope I'm not interrupting anything. Can I speak to you for a minute? In private. (Odo leaves.) Captain, I just want to say I appreciate everything you've done for me so far, and He told you that? I don't want you to get the wrong idea. I know, but it turned out to be even more difficult than I expected. And I intend to. In fact, I think I've come up with something to help me make some new friends. But I need your help. I want to join Red Squad. What do you think? It's an elite squad of cadets at the Academy. You know, the best of the best. They get special classes, simulated missions, off-campus training sessions, all kinds of things. It's pretty new. It's a way of rewarding excellence among the cadets. I have the grades to qualify, but I need to be sponsored by a high-ranking officer. All I'm asking for is a chance to prove myself. Thank you, sir. This means a lot to me. Yes, sir. [Sisko's restaurant] (Joseph is folding napkins.)
Captain, Jake said you wanted to see me. What can I do for you, sir? Red Squad? Did you get me in? Too bad. Those guys are the best. They're the only people I know who aren't afraid of the Dominion. I don't know. They're not scared of anything, I guess. Jake told I should try to get to know them better, show them I'm a good guy. And so far it seems to be working. The truth is, I think they only like me because I know you. You're kind of their hero. The man at the front line in the war with the Dominion. I'm sorry. I can't do that, sir. The names of Red Squad members are supposed to be secret. It's not easy keeping secrets from a Ferengi. But I feel funny about telling anyone else. Besides, if they found out I told you who they were, I'd never get in. Yes, sir. [Sisko's office] Sorry I'm late. That's a good question. I couldn't find him anywhere. I mean he's gone. And as far as I can tell so is every other member of Red Squad. The rumour is they've all been sent on some kind of training exercise. Admiral Leyton, it's
You and I friends? I don't think so. You're too tall. I don't trust tall men. Tall women, that's a different story. Here. See for yourself. (Nog passes one of his statuesque dabo girls over to Jake.) Who are you, his mother? He's tall, too. Hey! What are you doing there? Well, think somewhere else. You're making me uncomfortable. (Jake laughs.) What's so funny? Am I suppose to be impressed by that? I don't care about some parallel universe. I only care about this one. And in this one, I run a bar and you do your thinking in your quarters. I'm waiting. Good. You're a long way from home, human. I've prepared the Intendant's dinner. Thank you. I have a ship waiting for you at landing pad C. You killed my father and my uncle. Thanks to you, I own the bar. [Defiant conduit junction] (BOOM. Klingon ships are strafing the station.) [Defiant Bridge] (BOOM) You're sure you want to leave now? Well, don't worry, about me. I won't tell anyone where you are.
Cadet Nog reporting for duty, sir. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Very good, sir. I won't let you down. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Time permitting, sir. I mean, if I'm not too busy. After all I am here to work. Don't worry, sir, I'll look after him for you. Set a good example. Keep him out of trouble. I inspire him. You can count on me, sir. [Jake + Nog's quarters] I think I've died and gone to the Divine Treasury. After living in cadet barracks for the past year, this is going to be paradise. Well, before we unpack, we should call maintenance to clean this place. If you want something done right, you have to do it yourself. I'll do the cleaning on the odd numbered days, and you'll do it on the even ones. No, just the odd and even ones. I'd better start bringing in my things. I don't want to be up too late unpacking. I wish I could. But once we eat and unpack, it'll be time for bed. Lights out at twenty two hundred. Go to sleep whenever you want. But don't forget, we're hitting the gym at oh four thirty. Muscles, Jake. You know, those things that're supposed to go between your bones and your skin? Good. Because by the time I'm done with you, you'll have some of your very own. [Runabout Rio Grande] (Days have passed. Quark is throwing the round fizzbin cards onto a seat and Odo is eating soup.) It's about time you woke up. I thought you were going to sleep all day. You should stretch a little before you start your workout. You pass every morning. You don't know what you're missing. Healthy body, healthy mind. A writer and a poet. (Jake picks up a PADD as Nog goes onto bicep curls.) Past Prologue. I found it while I was cleaning up. Really, Jake, is it that hard to keep this place clean? Disposal is spelled with an i. I didn't really read it for content. I mostly corrected your spelling and grammar. Just a few. A preposition here, some punctuation there. All right. Next time, I'll let you make the changes. No problem. Just put them away when you're not working on them. Time to hit the shower. Duty calls. Remember, start with the lighter weights and work your way up. [Runabout Rio Grande] (Loud metallic noises from the rear as Odo tries to repair something.) Ferengis have a natural talent for figures, sir. Cargo bay six. Customs inspection. If you're planning on being a customs inspector. [Jake + Nog's quarters] (It's a tip, with clothes even hanging out of the replicator.) Not again. When I left this morning, this place was spotless. You can't keep our quarters clean for one day? But it doesn't have to stay messy. I'm going to the Replimat to get something to eat and when I come back I expect to see this place straightened up. This isn't a story. It's computerised dom-jot. Well while you're at it, how about clearing a path to the bedroom? Jake, this isn't what we agreed to. Lucky for you. You wouldn't last a day at the Academy. I don't have to take that from an undisciplined jerk like you. Enjoy your dom-jot. Anywhere but here. I'll get my things in the morning. Don't bother. You couldn't fold a shirt if your life depended on it. [Mountain forest] (Odo is carrying the pack, Quark is wearing the jacket.) Sir, I really must protest. Neither do I. Well, the place hasn't changed much, has it? No. I've got to study. It's not that bad. Yeah. I have a better idea. How about a game of dom-jot? I'll let you break.
It doesn't sound natural. I mean, I know they're using some kind of scrambler to disguise the voice, but there's something else. The rhythms don't sound natural. More like a composite of words from different speeches put together. It's the lobes. The intonation and phrasing are slightly off. It's a female. And it's not Cardassian It's Bajoran. I know that voice. Can I hear the rest of the words? Aye, sir.
Cadet Nog, reporting as ordered, sir. Exploding? Sir. Yes, sir. Absolutely, sir. Aye, sir. (as he leaves) Exploding? Captain. Ops has cleared us for departure. Engine Room, Bridge. [Engine room] Engine Room, bridge. Helm control is sluggish. Re-align the navigational gyros. Engine Room, bridge. One quarter impulse power. Engine Room, increase speed to warp six as soon as possible. Sir, Engine room reports we could go to warp seven. Engine Room, bridge. Where are those field stabilisers? Major, Engine room reports field stabilisers should be online in fifteen minutes. Engine Room, three quarter impulse. Engine Room, bridge. Engines to full impulse. Sir, Chief O'Brien doesn't recommend increasing velocity through the plasma fields. Engine Room, bridge. More speed. (Out of the plasma streams into clear space) (underneath) Engine Room, bridge. Transport a damage control team to the Malinche with twelve micro-power relays. Engine Room, bridge. Slow to impulse. Engine Room, Bridge. Full impulse. Engine Room, bridge. More speed. Engine Room, bridge. Warp six.
Still no increase in phaser relay efficiency, sir. The throughput reading is steady at one four eight point seven. Yes, and then I charged the prefire chamber and recalibrated the emitter stage. This thing just doesn't work! Sir. Aye, sir. (Martok enters and Nog cannot get past him.) Good evening, General. Excuse me, sirs? Could I just slip by? (Martok lets Nog leave.)
Squid. My favourite human food. Mmm. Delicious, sir. Sir, if I may say so, this sauce tastes very familiar. It's very interesting, sir. Jake. No, sir. Everything's quite satisfactory. Thank you, sir. Well, sir, it's the Klingons, sir. It's their attitude, sir. It's bad. They're loud, obnoxious, and if I may say so, sir, generally intoxicated. They walk around the station like they own the place, and whenever a station security officer tries to talk to them, say to ask them to keep the noise level down on the Promenade, they ignore him. They never look me in the eye when I try to talk to them, sir. They just stare over my head and pretend I'm not even there. I hate it when they do that. That does it. But sir. They're at sixty five decibels. Loud, but not loud enough. Five more decibels and they'll be legally disturbing the peace. And then I'm going to escort them to a holding cell. I am. Jake, you heard what your father said. They won't respect me until I stand up to them, alone. That's it. Seventy decibels. They're mine. (But his chair tips him backwards instead.) Whoaaa! (The Klingons laugh at him) I'm fine. Just tell me when everyone leaves. Because I'm not getting up until they do. [Runabout] (Into the plasma storms of the Badlands.) The two of you were only talking. Jake, I know your track record. You never get past talking. Scurrilous? Is that worse than a regular lie? Okay. And you do the same. Now who's being scurrilous? (Martok and some Klingons are in Nog and Jake's favourite place on the upper level.) I don't believe this. They're loitering on the Promenade in our old spot. Jake, don't you get it? They know I'm territorial about that spot. They're purposely doing this to insult me. (They go upstairs) I can't let them do this to me. Stay back, Jake. This could get ugly. (Nog walks up behind Martok.) All right, it's time for you to move along. Station regulation eight two slash seven B clearly states that loitering on the Promenade is prohibited. It is. Now either move or I'm going to have to place you under arrest. (Martok bends down to look Nog right in the eye) Probably a little of both. Klingons. You just have to know how to handle them. [Runabout] (They arrive at a planet.) Major. In maintenance conduit thirty three A. I guess it fell off when you were doing the deflector grid inspection. Just doing my job. Glad to be of help. (Martok steps off the turbolift and nods to Nog.) General. Now that's better. Respect. [Sisko's quarters]
When the conduit is repaired and brought back up to safety specs. I need to get something. Two root beers? (The drilling makes Quark's ears hurt.) [Conduit] (O'Brien the surgeon and scrub nurse Nog are operating.) I was paying attention, sir. My father says that I can learn a lot from you. He says you can fix anything. Amazing. (Bang. They disappear in a cloud of something.) I'm reporting for duty, sir. Thank you, sir. And may I say it's a privilege to be here, sir. Very well, s. Chief. Regrouping. That's why I have to protect my assets. Your move. Approaching Empok Nor, sir. The station's main power supply and life support systems are offline. No lifesigns. Won't the airlock have booby-traps? I volunteer, sir. Uh-oh. I left it on the runabout. I'll go get it right away, sir. I mean, Chief. That's not right. (KaBOOM!) [Empok Nor Infirmary] Why would the Cardassians abandon the station and leave behind a few soldiers in stasis tubes? Aye, Chief. On my way, Chief. (The Cardassian ducks back into the shadows.) [Empok Nor Promenade] (Work is in progress.) Aye, sir. Chief, why does Garak keep bringing up Setlik Three? But you were a hero, weren't you? How'd you get in here? Both doors are secure. You killed one of the soldiers? Then why did they attack you? Chief, why would Garak do this? It doesn't make any sense. Garak's on our side. He's coming after us, isn't he? Maybe we can reason with him. Get him to try to understand that the drug is affecting him. Then we have to finish setting up the deflector grid. We've got to get a distress signal out. Don't we have to try? You mean, to kill him? Don't do it, Chief. I'm all right, sir. (O'Brien walks over to Garak.) Is he dead? Did you kill him?
Goodnight, sir. Thanks for the invitation, Jake. That was a lot of fun. He's not the only one. Look around. There's something in the air. People are scared. Why? Shh! No, of course not. It's all a bunch of junk. Listen to some of this stuff. A mid twenty fourth century ceramic Romulan water basin, slightly cracked. A pair of Tellarite shoes, date unknown. A mid-twentieth century human baseball card. A Tholian pedestal of What do you mean? No. It's my money, Jake. If you want to bid at the auction, use your own money. It's not my fault that your species decided to abandon currency-based economics in favour of some philosophy of self-enhancement. What does that mean exactly? Well if you don't need money, then you certainly don't need mine. Five bars. Look, it's taken me a lifetime to save up that much money, and I'm not going to just throw it away for some baseball card. Oh no, that's not fair. Oh, this is so low. Argh! All right, all right. I'll do it. Humans. [Captain's office] Don't worry. He'll drop out at two bars. I'm still a Ferengi. One bar, ten. I told you. Jake! Nothing. We're out of money. I know you wanted that card, but we lost it, okay? So let's come up with something else to cheer up your dad. Like a new pair of shoes. What's wrong with shoes? Kiss you? Jake, I think you're taking this whole baseball card thing way too seriously. All right. What do you want to do? [Promenade] (The boys wait for the auction winners to come out of Quarks. Morn got the bullfighter on black velvet picture.) Sir. We wish to discuss a business transaction. We just want to buy the baseball card. Jake! Jake! He wants to see us! Doctor Giger, the man who bought the baseball card. He wants us to come to his quarters, He says he's willing to make a deal. No. He left a message for us about an hour ago. It said to meet him at eighteen hundred hours. Remember let me do the talking. You had your chance on the Promenade. Now stand aside and let a professional handle this. [Giger's quarters] (It is full of bizarre bleeping machinery, and a strange pod by the window.) That's right. Excellent. We would like to open the negotiations with a bid of But you just said that Wait a minute. What are you planning to do with these things? Look, we can't start delivering equipment and medical supplies to you without knowing what you're going to do with them. No. I never thought about it that way. (sotto) I don't know. I'm no expert in cellular chemistry but his theory sounds a little odd to me. (sotto) He's crazy, isn't he? (sotto) So? (sotto) I'm not so sure this is such a good idea. (sotto) Let him down? Your father doesn't even know this card exists. I don't know which of you is crazier. (sotto) A little? We have to trade it for a What's the matter with you? Just tell him you're trying to give your father a gift. But you're not giving him any reason to help us. Okay. Let me show you a little something about incentive-based economics. Chief, may I ask you a question? Wouldn't you rather be doing something else right now? But isn't there something specific you'd rather be doing? Like going to the holosuites, maybe? I bet you'd rather be kayaking right now, wouldn't you? You probably haven't shot those rapids in weeks. No interruptions, no maintenance schedules. Just you and the river. What if someone else recalibrated the regulators for you? Someone like us? Don't give it a second thought. Just go shoot those rapids. Our pleasure. And Chief? About that power cell? Come on. You calibrate, I'll scan. [Infirmary] We can't tell you. It's a surprise for someone. What Jake is trying to say is that you seem unhappy. Just out of curiosity. If you had to name one thing that would make you happy right now, what would it be? Humour me. One thing. Anything at all. Kuka-what? So am I! I have to listen to all of Worf's opera recordings and filter out the sub-harmonic distortions! No! I have to listen at precisely eighty two decibels because that's the volume Worf listens at! Of course, if I could've simply told him why I needed two metres of electro-plasma conduit from the Defiant, he probably would've just given it to me and things would be a lot quieter around here! No. (Music back on.) Try staying out of the way. (No reply at Giger's door.) He's probably sleeping inside his Cellular Entertainment thing again. It's not locked. (They open the door to a completely empty room.) [Security office] Maybe the soulless minions of orthodoxy finally caught up with him. Do you think he's really going to charge us with filing false reports, obstructing justice and being public nuisances? I can't have that on my Academy record. It's Kai Winn. Jake, I don't know what you're thinking, but I'm sure I'm not going to like it. What are you saying? That in order to get the mandala she kidnapped Giger? Jake, I'm really starting to worry about you. Where're we going? Lions, Gigers, bears. Exactly. No, sir. Well, sir, it all began in my uncle Quark's bar when we saw this list of various Jake! What? Captain, I would like to separate myself from What did you say that for? Of course not. If you tell him about the card, he might forgive us. He might even be grateful for all the effort we've gone through just to make him happy. And we certainly wouldn't want that. Habitat ring. [Turbolift] Jake, as your friend, I think I should tell you that you're starting to go over the edge. You need some perspective on all this. You need to get away, clear your head. (They are suddenly beamed away) [Jem'Hadar interrogation room] This isn't what I had in mind. (Two Jem'Hadar appear, then Weyoun enters. They are on the ship, not the station.) Do something. Oh, no. You do? He's harmless. He's just working on a way to become immortal. Excuse me? Can we go? Thank you.
Ops to Captain Sisko. Sir, we're receiving a message from the Cardassian border. It's General Martok. [Ops]
We've lost main power to the shields. Long range scanners show no sign of Jem'Hadar ships. Looks like they've broken off their pursuit. Shouldn't we have heard something from the Seventh Fleet by now? You think they can stop the Dominion? Resonance emitters, check. Subspace field grid, check. Signal subprocessors, check. I think. I would like to put a Jem'Hadar soldier on the Defiant and see how well he does after two weeks. These controls are very different. They take time to get used to. I don't intend to make any, Chief. I still don't see why we couldn't install a few chairs on the bridge. Well, my feet aren't designed to stand for long periods of time. They get tired. My feet might like that, but I wouldn't. That shouldn't be a problem. Captain Sisko says there'll be plenty of field rations. Or a chair. We're cleared for departure, sir. (Sisko puts on the headset with virtual viewscreen eyepiece.) Sir, there's a Federation ship off our starboard bow, bearing one five seven mark zero nine five. It's the USS Centaur. I can't. Our comm. system's down. The Centaur's still with us. Yes! They went right by us. I hope whoever's in charge down there hasn't taken a lunch break. That's good. How do we know they're Jem'Hadar? Do you think they found the bomb? The explosion will do that. Twenty-two seconds. That's plenty of time.
Got it. I'm trying, but the damned thruster array won't take the input. Following orders. The Captain told us to scan the area for fresh water and vegetation You tied me up and threatened to kill me. It happened. So you can either stay in front of me or walk beside me, but I won't turn my back on you again. What is it? Nog. Cadet Third Class. Serial Number CX dash nine three seven dash Garak! But we're not the Jem'Hadar. It is our duty to
Here you are. It's a busy Starbase. I may be a Cadet, but I'm still a Ferengi. Admiral on deck. Just a few more minutes, Commander. You mean if I had to take command, I would be called Captain too? Good point. (Sisko enters.) Admiral on deck! Here you are.
Continuing to emit distress signals on all frequencies, sir. We have company, Captain. Two Dominion ships heading this way, bearing one nine seven mark one three five. Shields at thirty percent. Shields are down to twenty percent. (A Bird of Prey decloaks and KaBOOM!) None that I can see. We're being hailed by the Rotarran. Commander Worf wants to speak to you. Chief, I was just coming to see you. Can you believe it? They made me an Ensign. Scary, isn't it? If my classmates at the Academy could only see me now. Amazed is more like it. Anyway, I just want to say thanks for all your help. I've learned a lot from you and not just about engineering. You've shown me what it takes to be a good soldier. I intend to, Chief. [Bridge] Captain on the Bridge. Aye, sir. [Captain's office] Aye, sir.
Why is he only targeting the Cardassian ships? Which would open a hole we can punch through. Attack fighters in Theta formation. Cruiser and Galaxy wings at half impulse. Whatever it is you two are reciting, I wish you'd stop. It's not the poem that's bothering me. Aye, sir. Second wave on its way. Third and fourth waves on hot standby. Sir, I can't get through to anybody. Communications are down. Four enemy ships directly ahead. It's the Klingons, sir. They're here. We're being hailed by Commander Worf. No, sir. Forward shields at a hundred percent. There must be thousands of them. I'm an engineer. Actually, you'll be working for me. (Garak is looking for someone.)
Ladies, please! (Dax pushes Nog aside.)
Not me. I'm a Starfleet officer. I can't go running off with you on some half baked rescue mission. I have duties to perform. You mean like Commander Worf? That's a big job. How big is the team? On the bar, you will find a PADD with a schematic of a Dominion internment centre. You may now examine the schematic. (Nog turns Gaila's PADD the right way up.) Sir. No, I meant you should call me sir. You mean, don't be ridiculous, sir. That's it, I quit. How? Or even ex-liquidators. Better to split it five ways than six. No, no, no! Computer, freeze programme. Reset Jem'Hadar. No, you're not. This is the eighth run through and you haven't been able to hit a single Jem'Hadar. And you shot Moogie. Like what? You couldn't ambush a Bolian if he was blindfolded and tied to a tree. They didn't pick it, Quark did. I've been there. It's the same design as Deep Space Nine, so we know the layout. All clear! Tricorder indicates no other lifeforms on the station. (Quark leads Keevan out.) All right, let's head for base camp. Come on, let's move it. On the double. Well, what are you waiting for? You don't pay your soldiers to do their duty. We've chosen this spot for a reason. For one thing, it's a confined area with only two ways in or out. This one, and the one in there. Secondly, it's near the airlock which gives us access to our ship. And third, it's on the Promenade where the prisoner exchange will take place. Don't touch that. Sir, may I suggest we set up our defence perimeter? Don't worry, no charge. We'll post a guard on him at all times. Four hour shifts. All right, you have your orders. Let's get to work. Who's screaming? What do you mean, you don't know? If Keevan gets away, we're finished. [Brunt's ship] (Quark leads the chase along the Promenade, down corridors and finally gets to the little ship. He's gasping for breath.) It's the alarm I set up. It means a Dominion ship is approaching. Let's go! [Empok Nor surgery] (They run into the Infirmary, Nog shuts the doors and they go into a rear surgical unit.) Now what? I'll go. [Empok Nor Infirmary] (Nog manually cracks the main Infirmary doors and peers through to see Jem'Hadar on the upper level.) You could say that. [Empok Nor surgery] Why are we hiding? Of course they're out there. We asked them to come. We're not going anywhere, not without Moogie. Right, uncle? One more thing. How do we know that's really Moogie and not a changeling? Only one way to find out. (The Jem'Hadar make to shoot Nog.) Oww! In a half hour we'll have Moogie back and we can all go home. Everyone calm down. There are no other thirty bars. Are there? No! Well, there's no doubt about it. According to these readings, this man is dead. I just wanted to be sure. I thought maybe we could revive him but I guess not. (Nog puts another blinkie on Keevan's head and the left arm jerks up and hits him.) No, he isn't. It's just the neural stimulator. It caused a reflexive impulse in his cerebellum. I didn't, but if you think about it, medicine isn't that different from engineering. It's all about keeping things running, fixing broken parts. Find me more neural stimulators. Stall them, Uncle. All right, here we go. (Keevan sits up, a Vorta Frankenstein's monster.) [Empok Nor corridor] I'm trying. (Ishka dodges Keevan and gets to Quark for a hug. Keevan bumps into the bulkhead, repeatedly, like a tin soldier. Quark and Ishka run into the airlock.) I can't. The transceiver is jammed.
The miniaturisation process won't begin until the runabout reaches the edge of the accretion disc. Yes, sir. Smaller, actually. Neither do I. (Comm. beep.) Their visual signal's degrading, Captain. We have audio only. We've lost their signal, Captain. They've penetrated the accretion disc. Even the space within their subatomic structure is shrinking. I'm losing the Rubicon, sir! [Runabout Rubicon] (The tractor beam switches off and the runabout catapults forward into the purple haze. Bang!) None of that would've done any good. The Jem'Hadar approached us from the anterior angle of the anomaly. Their warp signatures Not yet, sir. The system's always three steps ahead of me. Every time I get past the primary security net, the secondary always kicks me back out and the codes are all reset, and I have to start all over again. (beep) Like that. Do you have a backup plan in case this doesn't work? There are still a few algorithms I haven't tried yet. (A Jem'Hadar hands Kira a tool.) Oh, I am good. (A Jem'Hadar grabs him.) Captain. I did it. I don't know how, but I released the command codes.
That's right. No. No. It's an official diplomatic message from the Federation Council to the Grand Nagus. It's for his eyes only. Maybe. You told me you weren't coming on this trip as a reporter. Good. Because while I'm delivering the message to the Grand Nagus, you'll have plenty of time to play tourist. Acknowledged. Now why would you want to see the Nagus? You're going to have to do better than that. Jake, you promised me you weren't coming along as a reporter! Forget it. You're not getting anywhere near the Grand Nagus. I have no further comments. (Beeping.) I'm not sure. I'm having trouble with our long range scanners. Looks like our sensors are being jammed. (Alarm, Red alert) Uh oh. (A squadron of Jem'Hadar fighters fly over them.) Hang on! (Evasive manoeuvres.) I don't know, but it looks like they're heading for the starbase. Not in a runabout we're not. We're no match for a wing of Jem'Hadar fighters. (So they go to warp.) See if you can open a channel to Deep Space Nine. Because one of them's turned around and now he's coming after us. (After the opening titles.) We don't have much choice. Every time I try to change course, they gain on us. All right. When I go to impulse, raise the forward shields and transfer auxiliary power to the phasers. If we have to fight, I'd rather do it at impulse. At least we'd have an edge in manoeuvrability. It doesn't seem they're very interested in talking. Stand by. Here they come. (Boom, bang! The tiny runabout tries to strafe the big fighter.) I see it. (Boom.) Keep the weapons online. Everything else is expendable, including life support. Jem'Hadar or Cardassian? What? (It certainly looks like it.) It's not the Defiant. This ship's registry number is NCC seven four two one zero. USS Valiant. (Boom.) Jake! Jake! (They are beamed out.) [Valiant Transporter room] This is Red Squad. It was a group of elite cadets at the Academy. They were the best of the best. Red Squad received special training, special quarters, special everything. I've heard of Cadets getting command of a runabout or a shuttle, but not a starship. Thank you. Sir? I see. Well. I'm Ensign Nog and this is Jake Sisko. We're from Deep Space Nine. Commander. Have you recalibrated the lateral impulse control system? Well, the impulse system shares some of the same power relays used in the injector startup routine. Yes, sir. [Valiant sickbay] (Collins is tending a would on Jake's right wrist.) So you were caught behind enemy lines. Is that when you took command? And he won the race. It's unbelievable. You've spent eight months behind enemy lines. I'd be happy to do whatever I can, sir. Very familiar, sir. The Defiant has an identical engine. Chief Engineer? Excuse me, sir. I, I don't think I'm ready for this. Yes, sir. I will, sir. Our mission? I don't understand. And Starfleet knows you're in command of the Valiant. I've taken the safeties off the plasma intercooler, the flux moderator and the pressure control system. That should solve the problem. Yes, sir, I do. But I also know that Chief O'Brien made the same changes to the Defiant. She never had a problem. Engine Room. I solved their warp problem. My Red Squad insignia. Oh, and in case you haven't noticed, this would be my new rank. Lieutenant Commander Nog, Chief Engineer. It has a nice ring to it, don't you think? Something wrong with that? Captain Watters is used to making quick decisions. He felt I was the right man for the job, so he promoted me. What's going on? I'll reroute it through the auxiliary power interface. We're going to launch a sensor probe to scan the battleship. That way, the Valiant won't be picked up on their scanners. Class three probes are designed to be virtually undetectable. There's almost no chance of it being spotted. Well, sir, in order to rig a torpedo to yield a delta radiation burst I'll have to remove most of the guidance systems. We'll have to target it manually. We'll also have to get very close to the target. Within three hundred metres. No, it's not. That's accurate. I think that Captain Watters [Valiant Ready room] NOG [on monitor] Knows what he's doing. He's not selling anything. He's reminding us of our duty. You don't understand because you've never put on one of these uniforms. You don't know anything about sacrifice or honour or duty or any of the things that make up a soldier's life. I'm part of something larger than myself. All you care about is you. Get out. I'm the Chief Engineer of the starship Valiant. Warp six, aye. (After the break.) Torpedoes ready, sir. Impulse engines at full thrust. I'm on it! Main power's offline! I'm rerouting the (The rest of the bridge consoles blow up. Farris and Shepard die. The little ship is still taking a pounding.) No, it's over. The Captain is dead, Chief. They're all dead. The ship is lost. There's no need for us to die here too. Jake! Jake! (Nog releases the fritzing forcefield on the second go.) We failed. (The first two are shot down. Two more set off then Valiant goes KaBOOM destroying one of them. Number four heads off.) [Bridge] Yeah. You going to write a story about all this? What are you going to say? That it was a good ship with a good crew that made a mistake. We let ourselves blindly follow Captain Watters and he led us over a cliff. Put that in your story too. Let people read it and decide for themselves. (Nog goes over to Collins and gives her his Red Squad pin.) He may have been a hero. He may even have been a great man. But in the end he was a bad captain. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
He's counting on your support. And the Nagus wants you to share in these lucrative opportunities. Grand Nagus Zek. Hello? Hello? Where'd he go? I know. Females and finances don't mix. But that can be interpreted in many different ways. There's no need to be insulting. What a bunch of ingrates. He's here. He's on the station. Nilva. You look very nice. What if he asks about Ishka? Right. (Nog leaves.) Thank you. Welcome to Deep Space Nine, Chairman Nilva. The slimiest cola in the galaxy? Doesn't everybody? Zek wanted me to take you to You're sure you don't want to stop by your quarters and freshen up? Acting Grand Nagus Brunt. Which is why you'll be meeting with another one of Zek's financial advisors. Her name is Lumba. You're sure you wouldn't like me to show you around the station first? He insisted on seeing you immediately.
Captain on the Bridge. Aye, sir. [Dominion briefing room] They must know they don't stand a chance against a fleet this size. I always thought the Jem'Hadar were crazy. Aye, sir. Approaching the target. Yes! We did it! (The remains of the fleet move through, taking revenge on platforms as they pass.)
I'll say one thing for guarding convoys, it's usually a lot safer than being on the front lines. I didn't mean that the way it sounded, sir. Yes, sir. I hope Commander Worf doesn't think I'm afraid to fight. It's not that I'm afraid to fight, I just don't want to die. I wish Captain Sisko were here.
There's never a runner at home. That seems simple enough. Today? I think he's missed ten. (Rom throws the ball part way to Kira, runs, picks it up, throws, runs, picks it up etc.) Batter up! Sir, can't you give him another chance? That's right. I'll go talk with him in the morning. Maybe he'll change his mind. I don't care about the team. If you can't play, I won't either. Playing baseball doesn't mean anything to me. The stands? I'm beginning to hate him myself. Hey, don't worry, you'll get the next one. Okay? Okay? All right. (The scoreboard moves up to Logicians 4, Niners 0. Note - Kasidy has number 47 on her back, Kira is number 9. In the dugout.) Was that slide at second legal? What's wrong? Is that true? What do I do? Which one? Jake! (Nog throws, Jake catches and tags.) Great catch. All right, Dad. Come on, you can do it. Come on, Dad you can do it. (sotto) I hope. Come on, Dad. (to a Vulcan) That's my dad.
Sir, Admiral Patrick and his staff just arrived on the Farragut. The Admiral said she was asking too many stupid questions. [Infirmary] Please excuse the doctor, sir. He just woke up. They're not? I'll say.
We're working as fast as we can. I don't want to sound negative, but I don't see how you're going to get the Defiant ready in three days. This quartermaster you've been dealing with, what's his name? I mean his first name. Is he married? Everything. This Chief Willoughby must get hundreds of supply requisitions every day. He can't possibly fill them all, so he puts everyone on a waiting list. Well, the secret is getting him to put you at the top of that list. The best way to do that is to form a relationship with him. Get to know the name of his wife, his children, find out what he likes to eat I do. I can get you that stabiliser, Chief. Leave everything to me. Chief, I can't operate under those kinds of restrictions. I'll try. Just kidding, Chief. [Cave] (The runabout is orbiting a cratered moon.) I spoke to Edgar. Your new best friend, Chief Edgar Willoughby. He wanted me to thank you for that bottle of Gamzian wine you sent him. I took the liberty of sending it for you. By the way, his wife's name is Cynthia. They have a daughter, Melissa, age eight and a son, Edgar junior, aged five. Not quite. Unfortunately, he's out of stabilisers and won't be getting a new shipment for another week. Not necessarily. Eddie told me the USS Sentinel has an extra stabiliser. I didn't say they were going to give it to us. But they might be willing to trade for it. Depends on what they need and what we have. Rule of Acquisition one sixty eight, whisper your way to success. Chief, one more thing. I need your authorisation code. The shipping orders. I just thought it would save time. When did you say the Captain was going to be back? (O'Brien signs the PADD with a sigh.) Stop looking so worried, Chief. I've got it all under control. Don't worry, Chief. I didn't give away the Captain's desk. I just loaned it to someone. Al Lorenzo. The Chief of Operations on Decos Prime. He wants to take a picture of it. He likes to collect holophotos of himself sitting behind the desks of famous Starfleet captains. Usually he just sneaks into their offices, but with the war on it's been hard for him to get away. He's got quite a collection. Captain DeSoto's desk, Captain Picard's desk. No. He's giving us an induction modulator. But the USS Musashi does. No, they're giving us a phaser emitter. I know, but the USS Sentinel does, and they have the extra stabiliser. That's the rumour. From a very reliable source. You have to have faith, Chief. No, in the Great Material Continuum. It's not a they, it's the force that binds the universe together. On Ferenginar, we learn about the Continuum while we still have our first set of ears. The Continuum is real. You see, there are millions upon millions of worlds in the universe, each one filled with too much of one thing and not enough of another. And the Great Continuum flows through them all like a mighty river, from have to want and back again. And if we navigate the Continuum with skill and grace, our ship will be filled with everything our hearts desire. The river will provide. It was looking a little dull. I never lost faith in the Great Material Continuum. And remember, anytime you're shopping for wines or spirits, my cousin Gant is the man to see. Just another sailor on the Great River. By the way, Gant mentioned that he's got ten cases of Saurian brandy. It's the Captain's favourite, you know.
What are you doing here, uncle? I'm working. Sir, I assure you that won't happen again. That's no excuse. (Later in orbit of a small planet, Bashir enters with Quark) We're pretty much finished. That soldier over there. You see his necklace? Those are Ketracel white tubes. You know how he got them? He took them off the bodies of dead Jem'Hadar. Jem'Hadar that he killed. It's his way of keeping score. Isn't it? Sure it is. It's just that these people have been through a lot. They've been holed up here for a long time, seen two thirds of their unit killed, but they haven't surrendered. Do you know why? Because they're heroes. I feel sorry for the Jem'Hadar. [Base camp infirmary] I saw it happen. He was walking along Plenty. I can hear Vargas's stomach grumbling and Ezri tuning a phase amplifier with a coil spanner in the communications bunker. Not a sound. If they're out there, they're very quiet. I will, sir. (Sisko returns to Vargas.) That knife you're working on. It's not Starfleet issue. Can I see it? I know. I don't understand. Thanks, uncle, but I can get my own food. I want to earn their respect, if that's what you mean. We're in the middle of a war and this rifle can keep me alive. I'm a Starfleet officer. You mean hiding under a rock every time trouble starts? Because we would have surrendered a long time ago. You make it sound so simple. Yes, sir. When do we leave? But my hearing is. You can count on me, sir. I'll find the Jem'Hadar. What is it? What's going on? Captain. I'm sorry, sir. About Larkin. I led her right into a trap. I heard them coming, but it was too late. There was all this phaser fire and I went down, and before I could Thank you, sir. (Sisko looks at the one and a half legs under the blanket.) It doesn't hurt. You'd think it would, but it doesn't. I'm going to be fine. Captain. The communications array. It's worth it, right?
Thank you. It's good to be back. My orders, Captain. If it's all the same to you, sir, I'm rather tired. I'd rather just go to my quarters. Is that all right? Great. I've got it. Well, if you'll all excuse me. (Nog leaves. Ezri stops Leeta from following.) [Jake + Nog's quarters] (Nog is in civilian clothes.) I know the programme. Not particularly. Here it comes. The cane problem. You're about to ask me why I need to walk with the cane since Doctor Benbasset told you my biosynthetic leg works perfectly. He also told you the problem's all in my head. That I'm crazy. It's what he thinks. My leg hurts. And if I put my full weight on it, it hurts more. So I have to limp. And that means I need to walk with a cane. Good. Look, can I be perfectly honest with you? I've spent the last three weeks talking about my feelings with the counsellors on Starbase two three five and to tell you the truth, I'm a little sick of it. I just want to be left alone for a while. Computer what time is it? Maybe I don't have anything to say. You want to help me? Fine. Leave me alone. I know. I'm Nog. Right. Yeah. I want to hear 'I'll Be Seeing You'. No. Just 'I'll Be Seeing You.' It is. It helped me once when I was unhappy. Doctor? What is that? Vic? No. It's kind of nice. [Holosuite - Las Vegas lounge] (The song segues into a more upbeat version.) The first. Right. Who? You know about that? If you really want to know, it hurts. No. They say it's all in my head. According to my tricorder, the pain receptors in your leg aren't being stimulated, Nog. You must be imagining it. I don't care what they say. It hurts all the time. You're the only one. No. No. I just want to go to bed. Yeah. I don't want to go back to my quarters. Actually, I don't want to go back to my life. Vic, where do you live? In the programme, I mean. Do you have a house or? Do you have an extra room? Maybe more than just tonight. Officially, I'm on medical leave, and according to regulations I can choose my rehabilitation facility. Why not? Great. Hey, Vic. Have you seen this movie? It's not real money, Vic. Don't worry about it. I can have the computer put some money in your account. Didn't he just get shot a minute ago? He's not bleeding. He's not even in pain. I like The Searchers better. Show? I thought we were hanging in. Cancel it. Why not? Sure. It's beautiful. It reminds me of the Grand Nagus's staff. Great. But what's it for? Actually, I don't need to put my whole weight on it. Tuxedoes? Welcome to Las Vegas. Hanging out. It's an expression. Right. They don't serve that here. Martini. Two olives. We'll see. I'm not a hero. I said, I'm not a hero. Which one? That's what you're wondering, right? Which leg is it? About what? My new leg? Can't you say it? Then maybe you should just keep quiet. Sounds like a good idea. What do you think? Wonderful. Goodbye. I heard her. Now you can go. I said get out. Let me put it another way. (Nog overturns the table and punches Jake. Vic comes down to break it up.) What? I couldn't sleep. I'm sorry about what happened. I'll settle things with Jake. Absolutely. Can I go back to the club tomorrow night? I promise it'll never happen again. I don't know. She started calling me a hero and things just of went downhill from there. What? Maybe you should go to bed. Sounds like my uncle. Is there anything I can do? I'm a Ferengi. It's in our blood. Where's your computer? It's all right. I can do it this way. Can I ask you a question, Vic? When you sleep, do you dream? Goodnight, Vic. [Holosuite - Las Vegas lounge] (The slot machines are busy as Vic is chatting with the band at a table. Ezri goes over.) I told him. And if you try to force me to leave, I'll resign my commission. Good. Because Vic and I have big plans. I've been going over your books, and this place is a latinum mine and you don't even know it. In my opinion, it's time to expand the business. Of course it's a holosuite. That doesn't mean we can't build a new casino. If you'll excuse us, Counsellor, we have business to conduct. (With the title song 'It's Only A Paper Moon' in the background, we move into a series of montages. - Blueprints are drawn up, accounts are worked on, films are watched on TV while eating popcorn, Nog lights a lady's cigarette with his replica cane, the business section of the Las Vegas Register is read, Ezri notices Nog greeting the customers whilst holding and not leaning on his cane.) Go easy on the garnishes. People order a drink, they don't want a fruit bowl in their glass. We'll talk about this later. (Moon River instrumental in the background.) I'll take care of them. Hey, long time, no see. Right this way. Couldn't be better. Business is booming. We're making money hand over fist. I can hardly keep up with all the profits. Yeah. So, what's new with you? That's great! Congratulations, Dad! We should celebrate. We'll close the lounge, have a private party. Oh. Don't worry about it. I probably couldn't have gotten away. Last night was really busy. Oh. A big player just walked in. Excuse me a minute. I need to go schmooze. Great set tonight, Vic. They came for a while. What do you think about moving the crap tables over to the south wing and expanding the slot machines out into here? But we're supposed to meet with the architect tomorrow morning. Go where? But we've got work to do. We have a casino to build. It's real to me and it's real to you, and don't say it isn't. I know better. I know. And now you're running all the time. Isn't it great? But I don't want that life anymore, Vic. I'm perfectly happy here. Okay. You're right. But I'm not ready to go back yet. I need more time. So let's just sleep on this and talk about it tomorrow. No, don't! Chief. Something wrong? Sorry. I'm just having trouble getting the Las Vegas programme to run. You mean he has free will? No. Yeah. (O'Brien leaves) If you'll turn the programme back on. Don't you get it? I can't go out there. I'm scared, okay? I'm scared. When the war began, I wasn't happy or anything, but I was eager. I wanted to test myself. I wanted to prove I had what it took to be a soldier. And I saw a lot of combat. I saw a lot of people get hurt. I saw a lot of people die, but I didn't think anything was going to happen to me. And then suddenly Doctor Bashir is telling me he has to cut my leg off. I couldn't believe it. I still can't believe it. If I can get shot, if I can lose my leg, anything could happen to me, Vic. I could die tomorrow. I don't know if I'm ready to face that. If I stay here, at least I know what the future is going to be like. You don't seem hollow to me. Hi. No. But I will be. [Holosuite] (Nog enters in uniform.) Computer, run programme Bashir sixty two. [Holosuite - Las Vegas lounge] Thanks. Limited duty. Just a couple of hours a day. Different. I feel older. I want to thank you for all that you did for me. Well you're going to have that chance again. I've made arrangements with my uncle Quark to keep your programme running twenty six hours a day from now on. It's my gift to you. Just put it there, pallie, and tell me you'll always save me a seat up front. Got to go. I'm buying Jake and Kesha dinner tonight. I'll try. (Nog leaves.)
Which is where I come in. (Nog the maintenance man slips inside the countroom.) [Holosuite- Countroom] And once I've opened the safe.
Considering I only had a few minutes to practise.
This is bad. Very bad. Impulse manifold purged and clear. If we lose the Chin'toka system, we lose our only foothold in the Dominion territory. I think that qualifies as bad. Microfusion generators online. But the Breen, they seem unstoppable. First Earth, now Chin'toka. Collimation sequence in progress. (O'Brien and Bashir enter.) Phaser safeties engaged. Can't you make another one? Captain on the bridge. The fire suppression system's offline. I'm on it.
They say even the waste extraction fixtures are plated with latinum. He's not Nagus yet. Way to go, Dad!
Captain on the Bridge. If I get lost, I'll just follow the ship in front of us. (The huge armada heads out as we go to the main titles.) [Dominion briefing room] (It is sunset symbolically and literally on Cardassia. The Founder is a terminally ill lifeform.) She's not quite as smooth as the old Defiant, sir. Feels a bit sluggish. I could still use a little more equalisation on the torque buffers. Torque buffers are stable. The Chancellor makes victory sound easy. I'll say one thing for the Breen. They know how to pilot their ships. I'm trying. He's slippery. Hang on. (They loop the loop and KaBOOM.) But I lost the Breen ship we were after. Jem'Hadar ship off the port bow. Another Jem'Hadar to port. Breen ship off the starboard aft. I'm trying, sir. (The Breen ship lines up the Defiant, then KaBOOM!! It is blown apart by a Cardassian warship.) Yes! Aye, sir. [Dominion briefing room] She did pretty well for a first date, don't you think, Captain? Captain, we're approaching the Dominion defence perimeter. The duty roster, Colonel. Thank you, sir. I guess putting me in for promotion was one of Captain Sisko's last official acts. I'd like to think so, sir. I'll get right on it. (Nog leaves. Kira picks up the baseball and goes to stand at the top of the stairs, looking at the new faces in Ops.) [Promenade] (Coming out of the Infirmary.)
