Yes, Doctor.
It'll be fine. Just lay back. I know, but just lay back and relax.
Here, I've got you. The arterial disruption is too severe the pressor can't stop the haemorrhaging. Cardiac arrest. The arterial pressure is falling. The neurotransmitter levels are falling too. Doctor? We're ready to begin the autopsy, Doctor. Shall I begin taking neural tissue samples? How can that be? His brain activity level is zero. His nervous system should be completely inactive. What about brain damage? There's been no oxygen to his brain for almost forty minutes. That's five millivolts above what normal tissue can withstand. It'll burn out his cerebral cortex. Doctor! (Bareil opens his eyes.) (Later, Winn, Sisko and Kira are by Bareil's bed.) I don't know.
Yes, sir. (An arm grabs Sisko and pulls him through the bulkhead. Bashir runs back along the corridor into Altovar.) Vital signs have stabilised. His brain wave activity's normal.
Infirmary to Doctor Bashir. I'm sorry to interrupt you, Doctor, but Ensign Tyler's broken his leg and I think you'd
I'll need that plasma! His pulse is thready. He must be bleeding somewhere. Doctor Kalandra. Oh two, three litres. Run full saline. (Jake finds a person slumped by the doorway.) Party's over. First day? Doctor? They've prepped the spinal trauma. We're ready for you in surgery. What was that? Oh, thanks Jake. Would you take this to the patient in G-four? Thanks. (G4 is the self-mutilation Ensign. Jake offers him the tray of food.) I saw the report on Doctor Kalandra's desk. According to Resource, it's just a matter of time before the Klingons reach the compound. Decide what? Disruptor, no doubt about it. Every molecule in your body vaporised in a flash. No time to feel pain. You're so negative. What's going on? We're going someplace safe, all right? [Cavern - staff room] (Jake is hiding under the table until a falling girder prompts him to move.) [Cavern - main ward] (Jake runs into security's phaser rifle.)
Doctor Wykoff, please report to Isolation Ward Four. Doctor Wykoff, please report to Isolation Ward Four. Doctor Wykoff, please come to Isolation Ward Four immediately. To Isolation Ward Four. Doctor Wykoff. Doctor Wykoff. Please come to Isolation Ward Four immediately. Doctor Wykoff, please come to Isolation Ward Four. Doctor Wykoff to Isolation Ward Four.
Infirmary to Doctor Bashir. Doctor Girani's asking for your assistance in surgery, sir.
(Starfleet) His alpha waves are attenuating. His neurosynaptic activity is failing. Complete neural failure.
