The computer's having a hard time classifying your new lifeform. Whatever it is, it keeps changing. Somehow it goes through a metamorphosis every time it reproduces, and it reproduces like crazy. Look at this. It's multiplied so much I had to change containers. I'll put it in a level five security field overnight. I wish Dax were here to take a look at it. How's she doing? Any idea what it is? I can't imagine why anyone would want to steal that thing anyway. I don't know what did this. Commander. Unless a tornado passed this way without us hearing it. The room was locked. It's gone. That's all I know for now. Our scanners may have trouble finding this lifeform. It has metamorphic qualities that were confusing the computer. You might want to run that sweep two or three times. Commander, I'm picking up slight trace elements near the ventilation intake duct. It looks as though our lifeform may have taken this way out. (Dax enters) The same trace elements are inside the duct. [Security office] Did the security cameras in the lab give you anything? Stopped? You mean somebody turned them off. [Security office] Do the heat sensors in the lab show any thermal deviation at the same time? But then back to normal after that? We might be dealing with an entity that absorbs low frequency RF energy. [Security office] Yeah, that's true, Constable. I don't get it. Maybe this thermal deviation was the result of (rattle) Hold on, I hear something. [Security office] Well, I definitely hear something ahead. Can you hear it on the comm. line? [Security office] It almost sounds like. I can't describe it. I'm moving in closer. If you run into my wife, don't mention I did this. [Security office] My day was and I'll say, fine, honey, how was yours? Sometimes I think she really doesn't want to know the truth, so I do us both a favour and (He's reached a junction.) It's a structural breach. Ahhh! [Security office] I'm okay. I'm fine. I found our missing lifeform. Except it isn't a lifeform anymore. It's dead. Station log, stardate 47391.7. Engineering crews have been working for over fifteen hours searching conduits. There have been no additional incidents and no further evidence of the alien lifeform has been found. [Infirmary] I have a power failure in Security, Commander. I'm tracking it. We have a power drain in the life support conduit above the Security Office. If it's feeding off our power, we may be able to slow it down by shutting off the primary flow to the entire core section. The power shutdown is complete, Commander. Odo, or whatever it is in there, has stopped moving for the moment. We could reverse polarity on the energy fields. That might work, but that's only a guess. Maybe I could use some RF energy bursts to attract him. Releasing the conduit seal. [Promenade]
What gives them the right to mess up our station? Commander, your son's been waiting to speak with you on the com. Er. I didn't mean to intrude. I just Look, I could come back. I'd just like to say, Major, it's been a pleasure serving with you. (doorbell) As I was saying, Major Yes, Lieutenant. Well, there isn't much more we can accomplish for now Yeah, we'd come to the same conclusion. O'Brien out. Fair voyage to you, Captain. (O'Brien leaves.) What if they transported her off the grounds? Not for another twelve hours. (Quark enters) Aye, sir. Commander. Two assault vessels are headed this way on direct course from Bajor. They're giving all non-Bajorans seven hours to evacuate. [Commander's office] I'd say we could have all our people out and away in three hours. Sir, that'll take days. A week, for all I know. But those assault ships are going to be here in seven hours.
Not the best way of introducing ourselves. Commander. The Rigelian freighter's ready for departure. The Miradorn ship is leaving the station. No response. They're still moving. They've increased power to their thrusters.
Morning, Commander. Right now it's maintenance, but five'll get you ten it'll be a repair by the time I'm through. You may be right, sir. (sparks) But I'd be willing to give it a try. That was delicious. Do you think I could have the recipe? Maybe you should write that down. All right, Lieutenant. I've got the warp drive on the Prometheus purring like a kitten. It'll do nine point six in a pinch but I wouldn't take it any faster. It was. Good luck, Lieutenant. Commander. (O'Brien leaves as Sisko arrives)
Do you have to do that? I know, but there's something morbid about it. I wasn't implying anything of the kind. Yeah, well, in the meantime, all you're doing is reminding us that she's missing. What? You said something about the Badlands. Well we can't do anything to change what's happened, we just have to hope for the best. Starting to what?
Someone sabotaged the emitter array. (WHOOSH - and out come the Jem'Hadar fleet.) They're still not responding to our hails. It's working. I don't believe it. The Dominion ships are turning away from the station. They're laying in a new course. Straight for Cardassia. [Bridge] I don't know who it was, but they did a pretty thorough job. The emitters had the exact opposite effect to what we'd intended. They were supposed to collapse the wormhole's spatial matrix and close it forever. Instead, they made the matrix even more stable. Not even trilithium explosives could destroy it now. We're being hailed. I'll have a repair crew get to work on them right away. You're not the only one. Wasn't Lieutenant Japar brought in here? I'd better go find him. I can't make head nor tail of the power relay systems on his bird of prey. We're never going to get all these Klingon ships up and running. Ah, that makes all the difference then, doesn't it. They made it safely to Bajor, but I'm worried about Molly. She's getting old enough to know when something's wrong. I think she's scared. Darts? We're facing a major interstellar war and you're thinking about darts? I hope you're right. [Quark's cafe] That's everybody. Sir, I'm picking up a large tachyon buildup, multiple vectors. Ships decloaking. (Big green meanies appear.) They're requesting permission to join the fleet. Go ahead, Major. The Dominion fleet should be in visual range. According to their warp signatures, they should be right there. I didn't know the Dominion had them. I'm picking up additional warp signatures bearing one eight three mark nine seven, two four four mark one two, three oh two mark one three three. They're everywhere. [Bridge] I'm trying, but I can't get anything. We may have to wait for them to open fire and then. Captain, I'm receiving a priority one message from the Gamma Quadrant. It's Doctor Bashir. The runabout's been destroyed. Captain All I'm reading is normal background radiation. Four weeks? Are you telling me I've been hanging around with a changeling for over a month? No. The worst part is, the clues were right in front of me. Well, for one thing, he was a lot easier to get along with. (While in the surgery section.)
You did a good job today, Nog. You've an excellent grasp of mechanical engineering. So what's your posting tomorrow? Ah. Well, that could be interesting.
Morning. Oh six thirty. Another all nighter? That's four in a row. You can't keep this up. So where does that leave you? Julian, it's time to face facts. You're not going to pull a rabbit out of your medkit. Even the Founders themselves couldn't find a cure and they had the resources of the entire Dominion at their command. Now, I know you don't want to hear this, but the only way we're going to find a cure is to track down whoever created this thing in the first place. We have got to find a way to get inside Section Thirty One. Which is why I still say we should take this to Captain Sisko and let him contact Starfleet Intelligence. Maybe they can Hey. Keiko whipped you up some crab rolls. She, we thought you might be hungry. Oh, forget it. How's the work going? Mind if I ask you a question about Thirty One? Well, if you were to find the cure and they got to know about it, what do you think they'd do? I think you should send a message to Starfleet Medical saying that you have found the cure. Yeah. That's right. We capture him. Then we figure out a way to get some information out of him. Maybe not, but I bet he knows who does. What do you think? I've been hanging around you too long. Let's just hope this works and we can cure Odo. That's all I care about.
What do you mean borrow our bodies? Oh. Yes. Yeah, I'm in. After that comes the deductive reasoning portion of the exam, and then the spatial orientation test. The whole thing should take about four days. Now I know it must sound overwhelming to you. Just try to take it one day at a time. And today, all you have to worry about is the stress reaction test. Computer, run programme delta five nine. [Holosuite Ops] No. If we tested you where you practised it wouldn't exactly be stressful, now would it? Man your post. You're the Operations Officer on duty. (Nog sits at a console and shudder! An alarm sounds.) You tell me. [Airlock] It just occurred to me. As soon as that kid graduates from the Academy, I'm going to have to call him sir.
Constable, there's no telling how long Quark will be away. All we want is our dartboard. But we're not going to. That's our dartboard and we want it back. If Quark was going to run off, the least he could do is give us some warning so we could retrieve our property. We never said it was a lucky dartboard. Four. Oh, I just thought I thought you were going to talk to the freighter captain. Everyone. [Ishka's house]
Gentlemen, we are home. Relax, don't take it so personally. Worf is just going through a bad time at the moment. Pretty soon the Defiant will be going into battle, Worf will be happy and the rest of us will be miserable. So do I, Ensign. So do I. [Sisko's restaurant] (It's a busy night. Sisko is playing jazz piano, Joseph is maitre d' and Jake is waiting on table.) I don't think Worf wants to talk about her. Well, we have one circumstance in our favour. Twenty three oh one. A very good year for bloodwine. Good bye, Julian. (O'Brien rings Worf's doorbell as Bashir leaves.) Can I come in? Well, because it's been a long time since we shared one of these. [Worf's quarters] Got any glasses? Oh well, who needs glasses, hey? Cheers. (swigs from the bottle) Mmm. Warm the cockles. Hold on. You call that a visit? Come on, Worf. I came to talk. Anything you want. Old friends, the Enterprise. Remember what's his name, Lieutenant Barclay? Those holosuite programmes of his. Geordi waving that sword around. [Quark's] (Quark brings coffee and orange juice to Miles, who is not at all well.) Ah, that's better. That you should never try to match drinks with a Klingon. A lot of things. His son, Alexander. Growing up in Russia. The proper way to eat gagh. Nothing. It wasn't until about oh four hundred, when we were polishing off the third bottle of bloodwine that he even mentioned Jadzia. You know, this could be a little sweeter. She's not in Sto-vo-kor. As far as Worf is concerned, she was. She did join the House of Martok. For one thing, she never ate the heart of one of her enemies. And secondly, she didn't die in glorious battle. Do you want to know what's bothering Worf or not? Apparently there is a way for Worf to ensure that Jadzia gets into Sto-vo-kor. He has to win a great battle in her name. Not good enough. Unless he has to carve his way through a hundred Jem'Hadar to get to the table. Oh, yeah, I can see it now. Admiral, could you please send the Defiant on the most dangerous mission you can think of? Jadzia needs to get into Sto-vo-kor. What about General Martok? He's due to arrive on the station tomorrow morning. Well, here's to Worf and the success of his mission. You can't be serious. That's a good point. What if Jadzia would prefer to go to, you know, wherever it is that Trills go when their time is up. You know what this means, don't you? No, it means I'm going to risk my life for a friend who's risking his life for a very dubious cause. Well somebody has to make sure he comes back in one piece. Be nice if it did. [Wardroom]
I can't. Keiko and the kids are waiting on me for dinner. Next Thursday. Book a holosuite. They're going to Bajor. (Kira and Odo are in evening dress.) Well, is there any way to get her sensory processes up to speed? Then you've got a problem. This is the most advanced neurocortical probe made, and it's not nearly that accurate. I wish I could help you, Julian, but at resolutions that small, quantum fluctuations are impossible to control. And I can't make this thing any more accurate. I'm sorry, Julian. It can't be done. I'm sorry. Julian, I can't break the laws of physics. Nobody can. [Cargo bay] That is amazing. Julian How could I? I've been sitting here all night. Why I else would I be sitting here all night? It's all right. Morn caught me up on how his seventeen brothers and sisters are doing. I'd better head off. I've got an early start in the morning. It's all right. I'm happy for her. I'm happy for both of you. [Bashir's quarters] I didn't remember her being so I'm Miles. Well, we get on all right. Julian, why don't you show everybody how much you love me and order the next round. She's unbelievable! Like hot coffee? What is wrong with this thing? Yes. Yeah. Coffee, music, stars. As a matter of fact, I do, Julian. I haven't seen you like this for a long time, and I'm really happy for you. But don't you think it's all happening a little fast? Julian, she's your patient. Good luck. [Bashir's quarters] (The classic romantic dinner for two - red rose, candles, champagne on ice.) Morning. Is she gone? What about the others? I understand you've arranged a position for Sarina at the Corgal Research Centre. You okay? You didn't want to be lonely anymore. Nobody does. I have to go to work. Do you want to come over for dinner tonight? Keiko's making tempura.
Captain, there's some kind of power surge in the warp core. I can't. There's something wrong with the command control systems. I'm completely locked out. Correction. The ejection system is missing. We've been sabotaged. Nice to see you, Mister Bashir. Now I think we have a little unfinished business. (O'Brien points his big revolver at Bashir.) Surprised to see me, Mister Bashir? Well, you should use something a little more lethal than a champagne cork. Something like this. Why not? I've always been a romantic at heart. (Kira stands lip to lip with Bashir.) All right, Bashir. That's enough. (Bashir tosses the earring at Falcon and it goes Bang! Bashir takes on one thug and Garak the other as Kira kicks Falcon out cold. ) It's working just as you planned. You've done it, Doctor. What did you do to my ship?
This is the Federation runabout Yukon, requesting permission to enter Bajoran space. Acknowledged. Major. Major! Sorry, Major. It's just we're almost home. Seven hours. Must be the company. Thank you. Let's not get crazy. If you really want some good (Big flash outside) Some kind of high energy discharge. It was pretty close. Only five thousand kilometres from here. There's no debris, no residual warp fields. Approaching the coordinates. I'm not seeing any signs of. Wait a minute. I'm picking up another tachyon surge. A ship's decloaking directly ahead of us. (A Klingon Bird of Prey decloaks) They've locked their disruptors onto us, Major. From these magnetic flux readings, the energy discharge we detected could've been caused by the destruction of a cloaked target drone. On the other hand this type of explosion could also have been caused by an accidental warp nacelle inversion. And they're very touchy about it. Sir. The same thing, Major, High concentrations of tachyons, subspace distortions and magneton traces. Some cloaked ships definitely passed through this area in the last twenty four hours. I've never known Klingons to be this fastidious when it comes to respecting borders. That's a Vor'cha-class cruiser. They've been damaged. There's a massive hull breach in their port quarter. Main power's failing. It's hard to tell through all this radiation. Channel open. They're losing emergency power. Maybe they don't want to give away their positions. Incoming transmission. From the fracture pattern of the damage, I'd say something exploded about ten kilometres off their port quarter. That's why there weren't any ion trails. The mine that damaged the Drovana must've malfunctioned or been set off prematurely. Then we'd better get those coordinates. We're ready, Major. Nothing. If they're out there, they're keeping quiet. Ready, sir. Still nothing, Major. Aye, sir. (Fifteen BOOM!s and two Klingon ships decloak and run.) Just like flushing quail. They're setting course three two seven mark two one five. Back to the Klingon Empire.
Whoa. Hey, don't shoot. We surrender. We've been searching for you for days. Meanwhile, our orders are to get you back to DS Nine as soon as possible. We were lucky the Jem'Hadar handed us over to the Founders. Actually, it didn't take that much convincing. What's put you in such a good humour? What gene? Sorry. (The Jem'Hadar knocks O'Brien over anyway) What about Garak? I see. Hang on. We'll reach the wormhole in thirty seconds. Yes, sir. (Three torpedoes enter the wormhole, then Mega KaBOOM!) [Cavern] (Odo finishes picking the lock from the inside.) What happened to the Rio Grande?
Are you sure this is what Smiley used to transport you to the alternate universe? Expecting trouble, Major? Welcome back, Captain. They weren't invited. He's with Professor Sisko. She's showing him the station. Then I'm afraid we have a problem. Jake's not going anywhere. (Armed men arrive, and Sisko's phaser is taken off him.) and neither are you. [Intendant's office] Terok Nor in rebel hands. It just shows what people can do when their cause is just. You've every right to be angry. We haven't exactly played fair with you. Kidnapped? An ugly word. Tell me, Captain. If we had come and asked for your help in fighting the Alliance, what would you have said? Which is why we had to use your son to lure you over here. We need your help, Captain. No one else will do. (Brings up an image on the viewscreen.) Recognise her? During our last encounter, when I visited your station, I took a moment to download as many of your computer files as I could. I figured they'd come in handy some day. And they have. You see, captain, taking Terok Nor was one thing. Keeping it, that's the tricky part. The Alliance fleet is already on its way. When they get here, I want to have a proper welcome ready for them. We've already built it. The problem is, when we power up its engines, the whole ship damn near shakes itself apart. Well, right now it's a little too powerful for its own good. How did you solve it? How long did it take? We have four days. It'd better be. Otherwise the Defiant won't be ready, and you and your son will die along with the rest of us. Or worse still, spend the rest of your lives working in the ore processing centre under the tender mercies of an Alliance overseer. Help us, Captain, and I promise we'll get you and your son out of here before the fireworks begin. The Defiant's at docking port five. I think you know the way. I knew you would. You remember Captain Bashir. Captain Bashir, Captain O'Brien, Captain Sisko. We may not have enough troops or ships or weapons, but we have plenty of captains. You must have missed that cheery face. Relax. The Captain has found it in his heart to aid us once again. If I were you, I'd keep out of his way. [Terok Nor Quark's] I've got the flow regulators shut off. [Defiant Bridge] I just got word. The Alliance fleet is less than eight hours away. I guess we've run out of time. [Engine room] Eight hours. It's not a lot of time, is it? That's because they're trying to get the torpedo chambering mechanism online. I have a few suggestions. Only one. There's no way we can stop the Alliance attack. You'll never make it back. What good is glory when you're dead? Jettison the docking scaffold. Captain. I think it's time for you to go. I believe that was the agreement. Thanks. You've given us a fine ship. I only wish I could have gotten to know her before taking her into battle. Still, there's nothing like a little on the job training to get the adrenalin pumping. (Sisko rolls his eyes and turns back from the door.) What do you mean? Captain, you never cease to amaze me. Long enough for us to see just how tough this ship of yours really is. A bird of prey has locked onto us. Pattern Delta? What's that? Rock her? Got it. Can't lose her. I must remember that one. [Terok Nor Corridor] (Jennifer and Jake have been taken prisoner.) Shields are down to forty percent. That cruiser has us in weapons' range. Do we make a run for it? Ah. Pattern Suicide. [Klingon Bridge] Shields down to twenty-five percent. One more hit could finish us. She's all yours. We put a hole in their forward shields. Hold on. A bird of prey just locked on to us. What secondary power? You've got to get us out of here. I was just starting to like this ship. (KaBOOM - the attacking Klingon has been taken out by) [Rebel raider] I never thought I'd be happy to hear your voice. [Rebel raider] The cruiser's changing course. They're going to warp. [Defiant Bridge] The other Alliance ships have broken off their attack on the station. We've won. Surprised? I'm astonished. Not that I'm complaining. [Klingon Bridge]
Wonderful. He knows he's a hologram? It's one side of a cube. What's that supposed to mean? He's good. Come on, Julian. You told him about Keiko. About what? Too clever. What are you talking about? Julian, are you telling me that you discussed your love life with a hologram? Three things you know nothing about. Well then, why are you asking for advice from a light bulb? (Odo watches them hand over the programme rod and take their drinks to a table.) [Security office]
We've got our work cut out for us. Eddington's cascade virus disabled every memory circuit on the Defiant. We have to reload and reprogramme the entire database. [Captain's office] Well, if we were at a shipyard with a spacedock and a crew Two weeks. And that's working with three shifts round the clock. I'll do what I can. (O'Brien leaves) It's going to be tricky, Captain. Only half the systems are back online and most of those are not operating at full capacity. We can go to warp six, but the inertial dampers haven't been fully repaired so don't expect a smooth ride. The Defiant's comm. system is fried. And I do mean fried. I'm afraid not. They won't work either, not with all the interference from the unshielded EPS conduits. We'll have to improvise. Let me introduce you to your new comm. system. Cadet. With most of the bridge control functions offline, all orders to Engineering have to be relayed. In the interests of clarity I thought it best that those messages be relayed with one voice, Mister Academy here. I figured you'd want someone who could hear you while the bridge is exploding all around you. Let me give you all the bad news at once, sir. We have no cloak, no transporters, no replicators, and the stabilising gyros are at only fifty percent. So don't ask for any sharp turns, unless you want to end up doing barrel rolls. The new holo-communicator I installed it works perfectly. Stand by impulse power. Stand by to increase deuterium injection rate. Configure driver coils for impulse speed. Set EPS taps at level three. [Bridge]
We think the warp core discharge pulled you into subspace. If we're right, that would explain why you didn't experience the passage of time. Maybe we can set up some sort of containment field. His temporal signature is fluctuating. Right away. Field active. (Sisko flickers again. Dax holds Jake back.) I'm going to try locking onto him with the transporter beam.
We're still venting plasma. Any ship within a hundred million kilometres will know we're here and that we're not going anywhere. They'll have us in weapons range in twenty two seconds. The entire weapons array is offline. Now? Target locked. You may have to wait a while, Captain. We've just received orders from Starfleet Command. All ships in this sector are to fall back to Starbase three seven five. Engage, retreat, engage, retreat. I tell you, that's becoming our favourite tune. Ridiculous! Look, Garak we are at war with the Dominion. Cardassia is part of the Dominion. You are a Cardassian. And at one time, a fairly important one. Of course Starfleet Intelligence is going to press you for specifics. They need to know everything you know. Oh, believe me, you haven't been missing much. Here's to retaking the castle. I hadn't realised things were going so bad. They'd be surprised, would they? What do they know. My help? Don't let that uniform go to your head. You've got a lot to learn yet. And you will. Congratulations, Ensign. Wear it with pride. Sir, incoming message from the Cortez. They're still having trouble stabilising the guidance thrusters on their port nacelle. Will do. I'm picking something up. It's a large Dominion fleet bearing zero zero four mark zero zero nine. Twelve hundred and fifty four ships.
You're just going to have to take my word for it. The battle of the Alamo would make a hell of a holosuite programme. That's right. No, we lose. You're missing the point. There's nothing more noble than a heroic defeat, especially against overwhelming odds. Yeah, we had a bit of a problem replacing some of the coil brackets.
Excuse me, Commander. We're due to leave any moment. But, sir, I was wondering if perhaps Ensign Boyer might replace me on this particular mission. After all, I'd be little more than a chauffeur, and Boyer can pilot a runabout just as well as I can. Oh, no, sir. Everything's running smoothly for a change. But around here, you never know. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Why's that? Ah. [Turbolift] Of course. You'll get one. Annoy me? What sort of a question's that? Really? I hadn't noticed. I suppose because I was too busy thinking. That's right. What? Let's see. I was thinking that when we get back to the station, I'll have to run a level one diagnostic on the phase coil generators. Satisfied? Glad to hear it. Is that a fact. Not at all, sir. What's that, sir? What should I call you? You're my superior officer. Is that an order? All right. We've achieved stable orbit around Bajor. We can beam down any time. Julian. [Village square] (More of a paved circle, actually) You said the entire village was in jeopardy. What was that all about? What's the Dal'Rok? Strange. I'm not registering any atmospheric disturbance. The tricorder's still not picking up anything. No, I'm not picking up any power source. Bloody hell. Wait a second. I think you've got the wrong guy. What? The village shall not be destroyed. The village shall not be destroyed! Despite our fears, we stand our ground and face the Dal'Rok. (The villagers regroup and again the lights fight the Dal'Rok.) The village is strong. More powerful than the Dal'Rok. Together, we use that power to drive it away. The Dal'Rok is defeated. (cheers) The village is safe. (The Sirah collapses again) One thing's certain, it wasn't me. Well, he made a mistake. I'm glad you're enjoying yourself, Julian. Oh, do you? I was sent by Commander Sisko. This Dal'Rok or whatever will be returning tonight and everybody's counting on me to be able to stop it. The only trouble is, I don't have the slightest idea how I'm supposed to do that. (Villagers enter bearing goods) Well, tell them I don't want them. Now look, Julian. How can I help you, ladies? Now look, there's been a serious misunderstanding No! They're not. Well, yes, I mean, they're quite. Look, I have a wife and daughter back on DS Nine. Why? You're missing the point. I'm not staying. You'll just have to find someone else. Faren, I would like to help, really I would, but I don't know how. As simple as that, is it? Let's hope so. (Faren leaves, followed by Hovath) The way I see it, the only way out of this mess is to find out exactly what this Dal'Rok is, and destroy it before it destroys us. Station log supplemental. We have completed a second day of talks between the Paqu and the Navot. So far, we're no closer to finding a solution than we were when the negotiations began. [Varis's quarters] (Varis is studying a map when the doorbell rings) There's some residual neutrino levels in the microstructure of these rocks. I didn't say it made sense. But this rock face didn't just spontaneously blow itself to pieces. All I did was repeat what the Sirah told me. Good question. Maybe there's some a control mechanism hidden somewhere. (A woman brings a baby) Excuse me, miss. What about her? Me? I'm sure she'll make you very proud. You're quite welcome. Oh, no. This won't do. You continue looking around here. I'll go to check the Sirah's room. (O'Brien retreats as a crowd forms) Look, I could use some privacy. All right, bring them in. Hold on. Didn't you work for the Sirah? Did he ever reveal any of his secrets? How he controlled the Dal'Rok, and that sort of thing? All right, have it your way. Don't blame me when that creature goes rampaging through your village. (Hovath tries to creep up on O'Brien with a dagger, but O'Brien sees him in the mirror and they struggle) Careful, don't hurt him. (Hovath struggles with them both.) That's enough. I said that's enough! (O'Brien gets the dagger) Now you mind explaining why you tried to kill me? You won't get any argument from me. Look friend, as far as I'm concerned, the job's yours. Control it? How? (Hovath picks up a bracelet) So the villagers' thoughts create the Dal'Rok. Why do they need a storyteller? Well, son, it looks like tonight you are going to get that chance. (But just as O'Brien puts the robs on Hovath, Faren rushes in) Hold on. I thought you wanted this job. Then why don't you fight for it. You think I can? Once upon a time, there was a Dal'Rok. And it lives there, in the woods, and he hated the village and all of the villagers and he wanted to see them destroyed. (Lightning and the cloud appears) Yes, the Dal'Rok is here, and it's hungry. But the village is prepared to fight, like it has always fought, with the lights, the shimmering lights. You know what I'm talking about. Come on, you can do it. The village is strong and unafraid and powerful, and ready to face the Dal'Rok. All right now, let's really focus and send this one out, okay? Let's really the Dal'Rok a message. Where the hell are those lights? (Energy from the Dal'Rok knocks O'Brien down. Hovath takes the bracelet off him.) It's about time. Let's get out of here before they change their minds. (And the crowd acclaim Hovath, carrying him on their shoulders.) [Promenade] Not for me. I've had my fill of storytelling for the time being. Suit yourself, Julian. Right you are, sir. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Weeks? Molly's been doing this for two months already. What makes you such an expert on children? It's Worf's seat. He'll be here in a minute. You wouldn't say that if you had family living on the station. Captain, that warship's in pretty bad shape. It looks like someone's been using it for target practice. You won't be reading them for long. The reactor's about to go critical. What are we supposed to do? Give Omet'iklan and his men their weapons back and then hope they don't point them at us? There's a lot of things about this mission that bother me, but lying to the Jem'Hadar is not on top of my list. Followed by a get-to-know-you buffet at nineteen thirty. That still leaves a hundred and fifty. Wouldn't it be simpler to take out the base from orbit? A couple of quantum torpedoes should be enough to level the entire area. I'm right with you. [Engine room] (Worf shoots the soldier guarding the warp core) Ready. We're supposed to be on our way out by now. We're dead. You want us to blow the place up while we're still in it? No women? I'm not surprised. You mean sleep? I don't think it's us he's staring at. I think it's you. I wonder what would happen if you went over to him and ordered him to stand on his head? (The Jem'Hadar troop in with the box and place it on Weyoun's table.) I guess that's one way to ensure loyalty. In a minute. Well, I'm not. Commander? It's my eleventh goodbye message since we've been married. I average almost two a year. What would I tell her? You know, honey, every time I'm about to go into battle I record a message for you and Molly telling how much I love you, just in case. It'd probably scare the hell out of her. To be honest, it scares the hell out of me. Every time I record one of these I think, this is it. This is the one they're going to end up hearing. What makes you say that? Do you really believe that? I'd like to. Well, just to be on the safe side, maybe you'd better enter this in the ship's log anyway. You record these, too? Don't worry. These aren't like the ones we gave you during the drill. They're fully charged. I am Chief Miles Edward O'Brien. I'm very much alive and I intend to stay that way. Hold on. Mine's dead too. The primary detonator might not work, but the chemical backup should do the trick. Gentlemen, I think it's time we were leaving. [Ziggurat vestibule] So much for the Gateway. I don't know about the rest of you, but I'd like to get out of here.
She's down fifty strips. What makes you so sure? I see. You have absolutely no idea how this game is played, do you? Since when? I don't know about that. Quark's on a roll. In the last month, he's won two hundred and six straight games. I wouldn't want to bet against a man's wife. Name your stakes. Done. Two hundred and seven. A single malt, preferably something from the Highlands. Oh, your credit's good. Two hundred and seven straight. [Quark's] (Worf comes down the stairs.) Come in. Is it time? I'm brushing up on my game. Sure. Well, I used to. That is, I played a game once, a long time ago with a Ferengi privateer and a Romulan mercenary. Let's play a hand. Just one hand. I need the practice. I want to beat Quark. Luck has nothing to do with it. Tongo is a game of strategy and calculated risk. Here. (O'Brien hands over his PADD.) I'll deal. All right. I'll buy at thirty with sales at thirty five. Index the margin? We'll see about that. Evade. Do you realise that Quark has won two hundred and seven straight games of tongo? So someone has to beat him. Why not? Oh damn. Not by a long shot. One more. It's the challenge. Isn't it enough? Why do you think I became an engineer? The challenge. What do you think has kept me kayaking down the same river week after week for the last seven years? The challenge. Why would I keep playing darts against someone with a genetically engineered hand-eye coordination? Exactly. I have to do something to keep my mind off the fact that Keiko's been away for six months. Hold on. Maybe I can't beat Quark, but you can. You and that genetically engineered brain of yours. Yeah, in about ten seconds flat. We can do it, Julian. We can beat him. Yeah, well, you're good at calculation, but a little weak on strategy. I'll be your coach. Think of it as a challenge. Do it for the latinum. Do it for the satisfaction of the look on Quark's face when he's beaten at a game of tongo to a lowly human. You let Dax play. (holds up a case) We came to play. You better get off to a fast start. Focus, Julian, focus. Julian, are you sure you want to We're busted. You lost. We weren't mooning over lost love with a Ferengi holding a total monopoly. Obviously. Not your fault. Genetically engineered or not, you're still human. Let's go get a drink. [Jungle] (Worf and Dax walk through the plants to the accompaniment of animal sounds. The sun climbs high in the sky. Dax uses a PADD compass. Worf uses his mek'leth as a machete. Worf treats an injury on Dax's leg. Evening falls and the frogs call. They make camp with birdsong in the trees. Full night, and Dax puts a foil blanket around Worf's shoulders.)
All systems are ready for departure. It's funny. I've served on a half a dozen ships, and none of them've had cloaking devices except the Defiant. Now that we're not using it, I feel naked. What're you smiling at? So I get off duty the other night, and I walk into my quarters and there're Keiko and Major Kira talking. As soon as I walked in, they stopped. It was like turning off a holosuite programme. Exactly. I think they were talking about me. I may not have the proof, but I know one thing. Molly was there, and when she saw me she started giggling. Laugh all you want. I'm thinking of asking Julian to come live with us. Even things up a little. It might be better to negotiate over the viewscreen. I've felt better. I don't suppose there's any way Odo could hide a communicator on him when he's in the Link with the Founders? There must be some way we can keep a transporter lock on him while he's in the Link. That would give the transporter something to lock on to, but there's no way to be sure the nuclides won't disperse throughout the Link. If he's in there for more than a few hours, we could end up with a transporter pad full of shape-shifters. Odo, surely you don't really expect us to just stand by while they do God knows what to you? I've heard a lot of stories about the Dominion and the Founders, and justice seems to be the last thing on their minds.
Maybe the meeting with Starfleet Command took longer than they thought it would. Well, the whole area they're travelling through is crawling with Klingon ships. The second they use their subspace transmitter, they become a target. All I know is that I'd hate to be dodging Klingon raiding parties in nothing but a runabout. I'm with Worf. Hold on a minute. I'm reading a warp signature approaching the station. Looks like they had a run in with some Klingons. Weapons systems, shields and comm. system are all pretty shot up. Two. One human, one Trill. Which means there's no way we can get a cloaked ship within transporter range. Dead changelings do revert to their gelatinous state. I hate prototypes. So let me get this straight. All we have to do is get past an enemy fleet, avoid a tachyon detection grid, beam into the middle of Klingon headquarters and avoid the Brotherhood of the Sword long enough to set these things up and activate them in front of Gowron. Let's hope we're there to hear them. Maybe after the mission. Shelling Ty'Gokor won't get the job done. You'd be lucky to launch one torpedo before they shot you down. Besides, even a dozen won't penetrate the shielding around the command centre. This is more complicated than I thought. What did I do? Let me take a look at it. The optronic relays are fused. (with an emitter) I hope I remember how to set this thing up. It's not easy being funny wearing these teeth. Orbiting this place for the next day or so won't be the safest job in the galaxy either. I'm fine. I just wish they'd stop ringing that bell. You knew Captain Laporin? So when do we set up the emitters? You know, I think I'm actually beginning to like bloodwine. Just be thankful the anti-intoxicant we took is still working. Not bad. I would be honoured to think so. I am Pahash of the House of Konjah. Perhaps we met on the battlefield. My regiment fought at Mempa. And yours have become legend. After the ceremony would you honour me with a drink? Of course he did. He had to make sure he couldn't be tested. I would have thought that would make you happy.
Hear, hear. The kid's a born helmsman. It's the best posting in the galaxy. Name it. Sorry. No, it's out of the question. Yeah, I highly recommend it. No. You know, when you have a holosuite visit, it's sort of a personal experience. Just let us know. (O'Brien and Bashir go up the stairs) You don't see one of those every day. It was a prototype. Developed by Starfleet Security to operate in energy dampening fields or radiogenic environments. No. Starfleet abandoned the TR one one six in favour of regenerative phasers. But only Starfleet officers have access to those files. Hold on a minute. That's odd. According to these readings, the bullet only travelled eight or nine centimetres. I don't know. I thought it was two brothers and three sisters. You sure? You're right, we should've. We really should've let him come to the holosuite with us. [Mortuary] (Ezri is standing by the flag-draped torpedo case when Bashir enters.) I wonder why he chose a TR one one six? Yeah. I mean, why use a rifle if you're going to shoot somebody from close range? I suppose so. No. But I'll get to it. Maybe I'll start calling my tricorder Sally. Wait a minute. That's it. Displaced targeting. That's how he did it. The killer. He set up an alternate bullet trajectory, one that didn't require a direct line of sight between him and the victim. Julian, you're a genius. Wow. It worked! I was able to fire a bullet into that melon while standing outside in the corridor. I attached a micro transporter to this TR one one six. When I fired, the bullet was beamed into this room a few centimetres away from the melon. And by using an exographic targeting sensor, he was able to scan through the bulkheads. I'm afraid not. The signature is too weak. So much for the theory that our killer only targets humans.
I never should have let her go. Not in her condition. Three days in the Gamma Quadrant. Do you know what she wanted to do last week? She wanted to go back to Bajor and rappel down the cliffs of Undalar to get a fungus sample. Rappel to get fungus! It's as if I have to remind her that she's pregnant. I've work to do. [Quark's] (A cheerful Quark enters.) Major? The baby? Oh, my God. Are you sure? What do you mean? (Nana pushes down the blanket to show off her real life pregnancy.) But the Major's Bajoran. How can she carry a human child? So, when will Keiko will be strong enough to take the baby back? What? So, what you're telling me is that Major Kira's going to have my baby? [Quark's quarters] (Quark is checking his listing on Ferengi eBay when the doorbell chimes.) One step at a time. Yeah. We're almost there. Prepare for docking. Thrusters back to half. Yes. (Keiko sits) Nice landing, Captain. Let me know when you want to get underway again. Yeah. I saw her in Ops. Good idea. Maybe she could come by every evening. I don't know. [Promenade] The lower back, huh? Hold on. I have just the thing. (O'Brien exits to the bedroom.) Here we go. Slide that in there. Better? Put your feet up. It is about that time. I'll get dinner started. That's right. In fact, Keiko and I have been talking about something. We have an idea that we'd like you to consider. Come in. (Kira enters with a duffel bag.) I'll take that, Major. Oh, Nerys. Is this it? Sounds right to me.
Okay. A sabre saw? Why not use a laser cutter? Sir, I've looked over the specifications you brought back from Bajor. I'm not sure this design is spaceworthy, and I'm positive a ship like this could never have made it from Bajor to Cardassia. At sublight speeds, the trip would've taken them years, and that's assuming ideal conditions. One unexpected ion storm in the Denorias Belt would've torn the sails to pieces and left them stranded. I just don't see how this ship could've made the trip. They didn't even have replicators back then. They would've had to store their air supply and there's only enough room on board for a few weeks worth. Yeah, maybe. I beg your pardon? With all due respect, Major, you're beginning to sound like a Romulan. There is no piece of technology in existence they don't claim they invented before everyone else. A computer model could do that. And why go to all that trouble? Are you going to go talk to her or not? She's getting up. (Bashir stands, does the Picard manoeuvre with his uniform.) What? I think we should switch to synthale. Do you know what I think? I think she's in love with you. It's the only explanation. Unless, unless she really ignored you because she can't stand you. Well, you're not an in-between kind of guy. Well, people either love you or hate you. I hated you when we first met. But now. Well, now I don't. Really. Now that is from the heart. I really do, not hate you anymore. Hey, do you know what I think? If you want to know why she ignored you, you have got to confront her. Better wait until tomorrow. Because you can barely stand up right now.
They're hailing us. Sir, it's Gul Dukat. He's asking permission to dock. [Klingon bridge]
I can't understand it. I been followed Keiko's instructions to the letter. You watered them? These are Idran hybrids. Too much water rots their roots. I can't believe it. Keiko's gone for five days and we killed her plants. They're not just plants. These are her bonsai trees. She's cared for them and nurtured them, and carefully sculpted their growth for months, years. Listen, Molly, I think you and I should both go to the airlock and welcome Mummy back. And then after we've hugged and kissed, you can tell her what happened. Well you killed her plants. So far it's one I'd like to forget. Tellurian mint truffles. But I still think you should be with me. On who? It was Julian. He was trying to be helpful. He over-watered them. It's not his fault, but you know how he is. Sometimes he doesn't even know what he's doing. I'm sorry, sweetheart. We'll buy some new ones. Exactly. Right, right, right. Everybody's fine. No problems. No, she's still with Shaakar travelling around Dahkur Province. I thought you were going to visit them. So, how were the Fire Caves? No? Who are you? Everything? Are you all right? Maybe there's been an outbreak of Rudellian brain fever on Bajor. We should go see Julian Keiko! Keiko! (no pulse) No! (Keiko grabs his hand before he can hit the comm. badge.) If you're really in control of my wife's body, let me speak to her. Not good enough. I want to talk to her. I want her to talk to me. I'm not hungry. Look, why don't you just tell me what you want me to do so we can get this over with. But let me make one thing clear I will not do anything to jeopardise this station or the people on it. Why? You'll have to be patient. The communications and sensor relays are distributed throughout the entire station. What do you want me to do? [O'Brien's quarters] (Looking at station schematic 4747 on a PADD) In order to keep the polarity shift invisible to security checks, I'll have to tap into the optronic integrator on level five. Why Keiko? Why take control of her? Why not me? I'm the one who can do the work. It'd be more efficient. (Doorbell.) Yes, you are. We're busy. That's okay. I don't like surprises. A party? Tonight? We can't have all those people here. We'll have to cancel. Change of plans today, people. I need to recalibrate the optronic integrator on level five. What is it, Rom? Thank you, but I'll take care of that myself. I want the rest of you to concentrate on the new inertial couplings. I want all sixty four couplings done today. Whatley, you and Tekoa cover the docking ring. Abdon and Nori, the cargo bays. Rom the upper pylons. Any questions? Good. Now, since I'll be working alone today, I'm going to be very busy. So I don't want to be interrupted by anything unimportant. Is that clear? Computer, locate Keiko O'Brien. Computer, initiate full identity scan of Keiko O'Brien and note inconsistencies with any existing medical records. How long would it take for a level three stasis field to render Keiko O'Brien unconscious? Too long. Calculate the time if anesthetine gas were used. What about a phaser set to stun? God help me. (He opens a panel and gets to work) [O'Brien's quarters] (The party is on and the buffet table is loaded.) I'm sorry I'm late. Had a few odds and ends to tie up. Have you seen Keiko? Very pretty. I want to talk to you. There's something I forgot to tell Keiko. Would you excuse me for a moment? I've done what you asked. No, it's nothing. I said I'm all right! I'm sorry. Sorry, everybody. Excuse me. [O'Brien's bedroom] Look, I've done everything you asked me to do. Just give me back my wife. Yes. Look, no more tests, no more games. Just tell me what you want done. I want to talk about it now! I'll sleep on the couch. I'll be there in a minute. Computer, give me the record of all Bajoran legends concerning the Pah-wraiths. I have to get Molly ready for school. Molly's going to sleep at the Davis' tonight and she's staying there until this is over. You stay away from her. Computer, locate Captain Sisko. No! [Infirmary] Nobody. But I was passing underneath the walkway and I had my back toward her. What? I was going to the Replimat for lunch. Is she conscious? Can I see her? Julian, I really need to see her now. Keiko. How did you know? I want my wife back, do you hear me? I want her back. Agreed. I'll have everything completed in thirty six hours. I can't do it that fast. You bloody Computer, begin a thirteen hour countdown starting now. Julian said she'll be home soon. I wish there was. I really do. I'd better get going. I'm falling behind schedule. [Conduit junction] Computer, time remaining? Rom, what are you doing here? Already? (Rom hands over a rod. The display says he's done it.) How did you finish so quickly? I see. Rom, I need your help, and I need you to keep your mouth shut. Can I count on you? Rom, this is serious. We're going to make some modifications to several of the station's systems. I don't want you to breathe a word of this to anyone. That includes Dax, Odo, Captain Sisko, Worf. Of course they know. At least, some of them do. But they have to pretend that they don't. This is a top secret Starfleet operation. Rom, everybody on the station knows your name. Computer, time remaining? Commander, what are you doing up at this hour? At three in the morning? Oh, they're slightly off spec. We've identified nine hundred and forty three tiny fluctuations in the primary communication relays and several power distribution junctions. We're working on that. At this point, it's hard to even call it sabotage. There's been no real damage. The systems are just a little off spec. So far, these alterations don't seem to pose any threat to the station. Yes. Molly, honey, what is it? It's all right, Molly. I'm glad you called. What are you doing home? Are you all right, Molly? Soon. I'll be home very soon. Fine. I'm sorry about the interruption. I think I have an idea. [Corridor] Rom has a big wall panel open.) I'd better see what he's been up to here. I'll take care of those. [Holding cell] I'm still trying to figure out what Rom did to these systems. On my way. Computer, time remaining? Computer, locate maintenance technician Rom. Initiate security override and scramble surveillance channels four A, B, C and D. Authorisation O'Brien seven one two. Now, begin recalibration of gravitic sensors at access panel three seven nine as indicated. I'll be back in ten minutes. [Holding cell] What is it, Rom? It's okay. I've disconnected Odo's eavesdropping devices. You're a good man. Now why did you call me? I told you we're under very tight time constraints. Rom. Go ahead. What? What are you talking about? A chroniton beam is harmless. Of course. Why didn't I think of that. She has me so on edge I haven't been able to see the forest for the trees. I don't have time to explain now. The question is, why would anyone want to kill the wormhole aliens? That's right. They're not just wormhole aliens, they're Prophets, part of Bajoran mythology just like the Pah-wraiths of the Fire Caves. So, what have those wraiths have to do with the wormhole aliens? What? I'm sure you are. Now's the time to be a good talker. Go on. They were Prophets? So if these false Prophets were to return to the Celestial Temple? Unless she kills all the wormhole aliens first. Rom, I'm going to have to leave you in a tough spot. No. No, they don't. And I want you to help me keep it that way for a little while longer. I'm afraid so. No matter what Odo asks you Computer, time remaining? Maybe so. Right now I've got a frequency problem in the cascade feeder. We had a matrix system failure yesterday. Those files were lost. Sorry. Really? I hadn't noticed. I've been too busy repairing things. The fibre optic relay was out of sync. The isolinear chip junction was I didn't have time. I still don't. (O'Brien punches Odo's lights out and takes his badge.) Sorry, Odo. Chief O'Brien to Keiko O'Brien. I'm finished, but we have to move quickly. This place is going to be swarming with security. Meet me at runabout pad C now. Because I know what you're planning to do. But don't worry, I don't give a damn about the Celestial Temple, or your non-corporeal feuds. I just want my wife back. Now you still need me to pilot you to the wormhole, so let's stop wasting time. Agreed? That's correct, Commander. I want to test some new magnetic constrictors on the runabout's impulse thrusters. What's that? It was full of surprises. Computer. Initiate modifications O'Brien seven three one and enable remote comm. link. Target coordinates set. Let's get on with it. Keiko? Keiko. Yeah. Could you sense any of its thoughts? You don't have to talk about it if you don't want to.
I say we do nothing until we get reinforcements from Bajor. DAX Julian, there you are. Where have you been? It'll take hours. Too many system's have been sabotaged. All my work crews are missing, and I cannot make new parts until we get the replicators fixed. Oh well, now he's trying to kill us all by destroying the station. If we go out looking for the Lethean, we're the ones who'll end up dead. Don't go blaming me for that, Constable. None of this would be happening if Security had done its job. And he says we're acting peculiar? Except you're hearing voices and you've aged about thirty years in the last few hours. And what good will that do? You have no idea where he is. We don't know what we're up against, how strong he is, if he can be hurt by phaser fire. There's a computer processing junction near here. I might be able to repair the internal sensors from there. But I'm not going alone. It's even worse than I thought. The entire sensor array is burnt out and there's extensive damage to the computer's central processor. The only system that looks salvageable is the subspace communication relay. You think? For all we know, he could be right outside the door. Hold on, Lieutenant, I think I've got the communications relay working. Hold on. It's not working. But I'm receiving a signal. Audio only. Patching it through. I don't know. Somewhere outside the station. What the hell's going on here? (Bashir checks a tricorder.) And what's that supposed to mean? I'm glad to hear it. Let me see that. You want to know what this means? This tricorder is broken, that's what it means. I'm not behaving strangely. Am I? I wish you wouldn't say that. I don't believe we're having this discussion. No I don't. But if you wake up, what happens to us? (Altovar grabs Dax and takes her outside.) Julian, what the hell are you doing here? You'll never make it. The Lethean's too strong, too fast. He's going to kill us all. I know you're not going to stop him. Look at you. You look like you've got one foot in the grave already. Where are you going? Mind if I come along? Well, I'm hoping I was wrong. But somehow I doubt it. (Out through a panel, then an airlock to) [Promenade] You tell me. It's your mind. (There are medical graphics on the monitors now.) What's the prognosis? I could've told you that just by looking at you.
I'm getting readings of a massive energy flux. It could be damaged. Aye, sir. Hail acknowledged. Response coming in. Inertial stress is overloading his structural capacity. We can use a tractor beam to tow him in. The beam's graviton field should shore up the structural integrity. Cut your engines. So I can save your ship, friend. We'll bring you in. Try to fix you up as good as new. Good. Engaging tractor beam. Steady now. Feel the graviton field taking hold? You'll be fine now. Just relax and enjoy the ride. (transmission ends) Aye, sir. Aye, sir. [Tosk's ship] (There's no one home) O'Brien to Ops. Sure you [Ops] Friend? If you're in here, you've got nothing to worry about from me. Understand? (opens an access panel and puts his head inside) I'm just going to take a look at your ship. See what the problem is. Okay? Just to let you know, I'm an engineer. I know a little bit about ships. Well, more than a little, actually, but I'll tell you, I've never seen anything close to this. All right then. Is this some sort of plasma injector? Okay. Then (Tosk appears out of thin air behind O'Brien) that must be an off-axis field controller over there. You can't go sneaking up on someone like that, friend. It's an Alpha quadrant rule. Well, that all depends. On what exactly a coladrium flow is. Hang on, I didn't say we couldn't figure it out. You're just going to have to teach me as we go. I'm sure that we can I know. Everybody's in a hurry these days. We'll get you on your way as soon as it's humanly possible. Oh, that's me, by the way, human species. Name's O'Brien. Miles O'Brien, Chief of Operations. How about you? That's your name or your species? Tosk, it is. Come on. There's nothing to be afraid of out there. We've got to let your reactor cool down anyway before we can do anything else. Come on. I've work to do. [Airlock] So what happened to you, anyway? Looks like you took some sort of shot to your hull. Yeah, sure. The wormhole can shake you up all right. [Promenade] (O'Brien steps through the airlock and an alarm sounds. Tosk prepares to fight) Security sensor. Screens for weapons. It's just picking up my phaser. You're fine. Defensive purposes only. It may not seem hospitable, but when you go into an alien ship for the first time, you never know what might be in there. You may even find someone who can make himself invisible, you know what I mean? Yeah. That's Doctor Bashir. He looks after our medical problems. Well, three hundred, more or less. Purpose? Well, sometimes when I walk along here I feel like we're the flea markets of the sector. But I guess our real job is to keep an eye on the wormhole. There's traffic going in and out all the time now. Five or six a week. We sometimes have a whole convoy on its way through the wormhole. But you have the honour of being the first visitor from the other side. We hope so. Our mission as Starfleet officers is to seek out new life forms so we can learn about each other. Well, there are some things to learn about us that can wait. How about you? Are you an explorer? A scientist? Right. [Tosk's quarters] Computer, lights. I wasn't the decorator. Yes, well, we'll start as soon as we can Now, why don't you get some rest? Seventeen? No kidding. If I don't get a good eight hours a night, I'm not the same man. Are you hungry? You know, would you like to eat, take in sustenance? Well, this is the food replicator over here in case you change your mind. We've finally got it making a pretty good bowl of oatmeal. Just ask the computer if you need anything else. As the Vulcans say, we're here to serve. (O'Brien leaves) It's hard to say, sir. You hate to prejudge anyone. You know the old saying. A man who's always looking over his shoulder is waiting for trouble to find him. I'll tell you this. He wasn't telling the whole truth about the damage to his ship. It sure wasn't caused by the wormhole. Somebody took a shot at him. It came in at a forty five degree angle to the hull, sliced through two propulsion systems. I'll know more when I get a better look at it. Aye, sir. [Tosk's ship] (Voices are coming from the access area under the control panel) What are they? Some kind of high-energy magnetic coils? Like a ramscoop. To capture stellar gases and convert them into usable fuel Ah, got you. Piece of cake. A piece of cake. It's an old human expression. It means they'll be easy to fix. Sure. We'll just get my crew to remove your arva nodes, then we'll take them over to the replicator centre and make new ones. Maybe a day or two. We'll want to run some tests after we have the replacement unit's in. Hey, I let you take that unit out without proper testing, it breaks down, you blame me, next thing I know my work has a bad reputation in the Gamma quadrant. I was joking, Tosk. Sorry, it's in my nature. And you're the most natural straight man I've met in ages. Come on. While the fellas are working here, I'll buy you a drink and you can tell me why you're in such a rush. [Quark's] This is where we do most of our R and R. Rest and relaxation. You know, down time. When we're not working. My wife would laugh at that. She's barely seen me in the last three weeks. I've noticed. Hey, barkeep! And a man who will exploit any vice you may have. Two synthales, barkeep. Tosk is our first guest from the Gamma Quadrant, Quark. I'd take him at his word. What are you talking about, Tosk? What is this adventure you're on? Oh. Sure. Of course. (Quark brings their drinks, and Tosk peers carefully into the mug.) [Ops] Not exactly. I mean, he's running from something, that's for sure, and he's in danger. And he can't or won't talk about it The thing is, I kind of like the guy. I'm not even sure why. In a way, he's almost naive. I guess any one would be in an alien environment, but I don't sense a thread of criminal intent or dishonesty about him. He didn't exactly lie. He keeps the truth pretty much to himself. Tomorrow. I think he was trying to shut down the lockouts to Section Three Tosk, don't you think we deserve some answers? Enough of this craziness, Tosk. Tell me, what were you doing? Tell me! Die? Who'd want to kill you, Tosk? He's climbing the walls like a trapped animal. Somehow I feel responsible. Yeah. Well, I guess I kind of adopted him. I talked him into coming on board. I just feel sorry for him. Somehow, I don't think he means us any harm. What the hell is his secret? [Ops] (WHOOSH and a ship comes through the wormhole) I'm reading phased power fluctuations. They may be readying a transporter of some kind. They're bombarding us with some kind of radiation I've never see before. Very rapid magnetic flux variations. (Whumph as the shields go down) What the? They've reversed the polarity of our shields. But sir, Tosk is an intelligent, living being. All right. I have a way out for you. Request asylum. You ask for the protection of the Federation. You understand? My Commander is willing to protect you. You'd rather go back and live in a cage on public display? Shut up, Quark. What's that supposed to mean? There is nothing wrong between my wife and I. If there were, I sure as hell wouldn't want to talk to some barkeep about it. What? So stop aggravating me. Fine. You're right. I'm aggravated. No. Because it wouldn't do any good talking to you. Forget it. It's just the rules of the game. It's a hunt, did you know that? They're chasing Tosk in a hunt. Everybody's playing by the rules. They're playing by their rules, we're playing by ours and he's caught in the middle. Of course, I suppose if the Ferengi don't like the rules, they just change them. Of course! Change the rules. Why didn't I think of that? Thanks, barkeep. Computer, access the power grid to security check point four on the Promenade. [Holding area] (A manacle is snapped around Tosk's neck.) I'll escort the prisoner to the transporter station. This is a Starfleet matter. Orders from Sisko. No, sir, that won't be necessary. Good relations with other cultures is our highest priority. Commander Sisko wants to make sure you understand we're sorry we interfered with your hunt. The least we can do is give you an official escort off the station. It's a token of goodwill and respect in our society. This way. (The weapons scan flash stuns the hunter. O'Brien hits him) Glass jaw. Now I know why you wear a helmet. Up here. Come on. Your ship's ready. (An alien materialises and Tosk jumps him, knocking him over the railing) [Ops] Here. (O'Brien phaser's off Tosk's manacle.) The Cardies made these conduits from two metre thick duranium composite. I've never seen a scanning device that could penetrate it. (Flash of light) Until now. (bang behind them so they get to an exit panel above a corridor) [Corridor] (Tosk drops onto an alien and takes his weapon) Come on, Tosk. Round this corner and we're there. (Hunter and two aliens beam in.) No. (Tosk shoots Hunter and his companions) Go on. [Tosk's ship] What now? No. No, I don't think so. One day as a Tosk is enough for me, and I've got a wife and kid that wouldn't fit too well into this lifestyle. Maybe. But if I know my Commander. Hell, those guys wanted a hunt. I just gave them one. Go on. You'd better get out of here while you can. Die with honour, Tosk. (O'Brien leaves, Tosk flies off in his ship) [Commander's office] The weapons' sensors must have overloaded on all his various gear, sir. Yes, sir. Must have since I increased their output by about two hundred percent. Yes, sir. Well, sir I'm not one to say, but you know, these hunters weren't any happier than we were about having to bring Tosk home. It seems to me in the interests of mutual understanding and future relations I understand. I was surprised by one thing, sir. I knew I couldn't override all the security seals on the station, and I figured once you and the Constable located us, well, it'd be over. We'd find ourselves locked behind some forcefield somewhere. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.
Finally. That friend of yours promised to send it two months ago. What about me? Julian, we know who you play. What about me? Falcon? Again? I'm tired of being the bad guy. No problem. He steals my girl? I'll do it. [Quark's] (Quark's got a Bolian bar assistant.) Car trouble, Mister Bashir? Hi, Odo. Didn't anyone ever tell you, you shouldn't stop for hitchhikers. [Odo's quarters] She took the crystal. I don't know where she went.
Hey! Welcome! Well, I for one never doubted you'd be back. Don't believe him. He was Mister Doom and Gloom the entire time you were gone. We were all concerned. Your well being was a constant source of conversation and speculation. He's amazing. What are you talking about? The south wall isn't the problem. They came over the north wall, by Travis's position. But then it wouldn't be the battle of the Alamo, would it. Be Santa Anna. He wins every time. Hey, hey, what do you think you're doing? Do you know how long it took me to build this thing? I just spent fourteen hours recalibrating the station's weapons array. A moat? Around the Alamo? Dilithium matrix is aligned and calibrated. Just be a bit more careful. That's all I ask. I wouldn't call it nothing. He lost Travis. What, so he can lose it again? Field stabilisers online. It's not a toy. It's a model, built to scale. Nacelles holding at pre-warp threshold. Sir, they've locked weapons on us. What the hell's? (BOOM) I can't get anything back online. Somehow they're draining all our power. (BOOM BOOM and Kira is injured.) Sir, the ablative armour is starting to buckle. Without power for the emergency forcefields, there's no way to seal them. Captain. No one'll argue with that. But like you say, it's time to go. (The pods get away just before a final hit makes the Defiant goes KaBOOM.) [Jem'Hadar Bridge]
What's funny is where the files were located, right there in Ops protocols. You might want to warn Kira before she sees her file. All prepped and ready for departure, Commander. Ma'am I do. I have a little girl, ma'am. Three and a half. Tell them one of our runabouts found a trace of a warp eddy current. It's got to be from their ship. Constable, tell them we're doing the best we can, okay? Runabout pad C. Not even a transponder signal. If they went down, we should at least get something from their transponder. The warp eddy has traces of meson particle emissions. That makes it a Starfleet power reactor. Anything interesting in that direction? I guess it's time to chart it. I'm not reading a single M Class planet in the system. If they went down anywhere around here, they couldn't have survived. That'd foul up our long range scanners. Not to mention two dozen or so moons and an asteroid belt. Bloody needle in a haystack. A needle in a haystack. What we need is a magnet. Yeah. You want to pick a piece of metal out of the straw, you use a magnet. Runabout hulls are made out of metallic composites that interact with magnetic fields. We could send out a few probes to scan the system for those specific magnetic resonance patterns. If Sisko's runabout is in the system, we might pick up a fluctuation in the hysteresis curve. They will, if I can outfit them with a differential magnetomer. I'll let you know as soon as I've finished making one. [Runabout Yangtzee Kiang] (Bashir is working underneath a console, bringing it back to life) What the hell would they be doing here anyway. It's a waste of time. They could be twenty light years from here and we wouldn't have the first clue. It's the third planet. Laying in a new course, full impulse. [Moon] (Columns of torches light the scene by the runabout) It's some kind of artificial satellite system. That's what our probe must have picked up. If the ship's down there, why wouldn't the transponder be sending out a Increasing orbital altitude. The only thing that could block out a transponder signal is a broad band damping field. That requires a low level satellite system like this one. Suddenly we're being scanned by these satellites, so Exactly. See, they're putting out a mutual induction field that would block out ninety nine percent of all transmissions to and from the surface. Well, I've got one percent to work with, don't I? [Moon] we've got to find a way to penetrate this network of satellites. They're making it impossible to lock on to anything down there. You know, all we really need to do is find a way to create a gap in the net. Maybe, but you'd think they'd build a defence network with that in mind. You shoot one, the rest might swarm up like Vayan horn flies. We need to go for something simpler. all I need is about a fifteen percent increase in the opening in the net. Rio Grande to Sisko. We're going to try to poke a hole up here, sir, if you're about ready to end your stay. We'll need a few minutes, Commander. [Moon] Launching probe. Come on, come on, go for it. That's it. Rio Grange to Sisko. Trying to lock on, Commander. [Cave]
Well, let's hope they don't become too productive. Might make the rest of us look bad. Besides, it's not as if we're trying to exclude them from anything. We're just talking about limiting what they're allowed to do. Nothing we're going to like, I'll bet. What do you know? You're right. You're right. I was thinking that. Almost finished. There. Can't argue with that. Shh. How could they know that? Weyoun? I, er, I need to replace that power coupling. Hi. (Patrick tries to put a party hat on O'Brien.) No, thanks. No. I need to get to work. (Patrick cries.) I didn't mean to. It's just that I need to get this coupling replaced. (Lauren ends up back on her couch.) Nothing. Sure I do. See? (O'Brien puts the hat on.) Julian, I I do not. No! I'm going to need those. Well, it's going to have to be replaced sometime. Ready, yeah. [Quark's] (A darts match) I'm sorry. The last thing I wanted to do was upset them. He does? What, because I got rid of that noise? Uncomplicated. And saying things other people don't. They sure are. Hey, what are you doing? Get back. Oh, I don't know. I can't imagine them in a room with a bunch of admirals, unless they're going to teach them how to dance. Yeah, whatever. After being with them, I can see how the rest of us must seem a little uncomplicated. Ha, ha. Must very be frustrating for you. Glad to be of service. Yes, it's probably best to keep your expectations low. (O'Brien throws the winning dart.) That way we can surprise you now and then. Another game? I make one lucky throw and you're ready to come down to my level? Get back there. Come on. [Cargo bay] It's pretty grim. No, it doesn't look like it, does it? You mean surrender? I don't know, Julian. I suppose I do. I understood it perfectly. Believe it or not. I'm trying. Maybe I'm too uncomplicated to see it. You don't have to. The way you're acting, you'd think nobody with half a brain could possibly disagree with you. I can see two possible explanations for it. Either I'm more feebleminded than you ever realised, or you're not as smart as you think you are. (O'Brien leaves Bashir with his drink. Later, at the dabo table.) I heard what happened. It was a pretty close call. No, that's not what I meant. I was talking about when you had to decide whether or not to meet with the Dominion. Can't have been easy for you. I know you wanted to try to save as many lives as possible. It's probably what makes you such a good doctor. They did contribute. It seems to me we've become far too complacent about the Dominion. We may have driven them back into Cardassian space, but we've haven't beaten them yet. Well, the odds are stacked against us. All we can do is give it our best shot. (Later, Bashir is back at the dabo wheel.)
How's it going, Jake? Well, it used to be a pretty large operation. When the Cardassians were in charge, I understand they processed twenty thousand tons a day. It must've been hell in here. I heard stories that the temperature reached fifty five degrees Celsius. A lot of them didn't. When you've deleted all those files, I'll show you how to download the new operating system. Absolutely. It'll take us three, maybe four weeks at the most. Commander. I guess I lost track of the time. Have you tried reformatting the data cluster? Let me see. That's odd. Well, the file has no name. No indication what it is. I'd better set it aside for now. I can transfer it to the central database in Ops and analyse it in the morning. (Warning flashes up on the monitor.) Wait a minute. I don't know. I'd better stop it. (An alarm sounds and the doors are sealed.) The computer's engaged the magnetic seal. I can't override it. Any luck? Well, there's no way I can disable the programme from here. Whatever that's worth. Nothing at the moment. Processed uridium used to flow down that pipe to a secondary refining facility on level thirty three and be purified. (Jake pulls a panel off the bottom of the chute.) It's too narrow for anyone to escape through. There should be a large circular opening to your right. There should be a small access port in one of the walls. Open the port and feel around inside for a handle. It should be shaped like a stirrup. You have to pull the handle down, Jake. It's the release for the hatch. You're right. This is where the uridium ore was separated from the rock. Then it would be dumped down that chute to the processing facility. (Sisko tries the door.) Just back down that chute. You know where that leads to. O'Brien to Ops. Something must be interfering with the signal. Not even a dent. That's true, but in it's raw form you'd need a strong electrical charge to detonate it. If I had some tools, I might be able to get in there and yank out some electrical cable. (Sisko pulls the handle off the cart.) Okay we have the power cable. Now we need to pack the uridium around the door. [Ops] (People are hiding under desks and behind pillars as the beams keep shooting out.) Okay, that should do it. If we use much more we run the risk of bringing the whole room down around our ears. (O'Brien pulls a bright power cable out of the panel.) Would you like to do the honours, sir? I only got a couple hundred metres and I was stopped by a forcefield. How about you? There's got to be some way up to Ops. They'll never get there in time. Yeah, why? That's not a bad idea. The shields are the only thing on the station that can absorb that much energy. (debris blocks their path) That power surge we felt must've blown out one of the plasma conduits. The corridor's completely blocked for the next fifty metres. There might be a way. There's a maintenance conduit adjacent to this corridor. If it's not blocked, we might be able to get around the debris and get to the reactor control junction. Give me a hand. (They clear rubbish from the access panel.) I can feel heat through the door. (So he opens it.) See for yourself. (There's a green plasma fire in the conduit walls.) I know, I know. The other one keeps on going. [Conduit] (Flashes and bangs are all around them. One knocks O'Brien down.) Jake, I thought your father told you to stay out of there. Yeah, looks like we all are. [Security office] (The doors open. Quark is at Odo's computer terminal.)
Captain Boday? Oh. The toothy smile and the transparent skull? What's he doing on the station? Well, his brains. Something wrong? She must've gotten it into her head to go looking for Worf.
Bajoran transport coming in. They had some kind of accident on board. They've got casualties. They have a loose plasma coil. We couldn't beam through the radiation. Come on. The report from the transport, sir. There was a molecular fracture in one of the warp plasma conduits. It was only a matter of time before it gave way. Once it collapsed the entire relay system exploded. I don't think so.
Slow. For some reason, she's transmitting on a rotating subspace frequency. I'm having a problem finding a way to send a return signal. No, not really, but she is all alone. The least I can do is try and listen to her. It doesn't bother me. Sometimes it feels like she's actually talking to me. It's true. Especially when she starts talking about her family or her home. She reminds me of my cousin. Sure. No. Why should I be? We've had civilians aboard before. It doesn't bother me. I'm sorry? Hold on a minute.  Yes! Yes, we can hear you! When the fighting first broke out, I thought to myself, all right, O'Brien, you've done this before. Keep your head down, focus on the job, you'll get through this just like you did in the last war. But this war's different. Maybe I'm different. I have this growing sense of isolation. I see people, I talk to them, I laugh with them, and. But part of me is always saying they may not be here tomorrow. Don't get too close. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I shouldn't be putting this all on your shoulders, Captain. I'm sure it's the last thing you need to hear. I should be cheering you up. Now there's a sad state of affairs. You sure you're a Captain, not a counsellor? Me, too. I mean, I like some of them personally, but That's exactly how I feel. But saying it out loud is almost heresy. And there's this assumption nowadays that only someone with a diploma can listen to your problems or give you advice. Exactly. Excuse me? Well, we, er, I haven't spoken to them about any of this. You know, it's not the kind of thing you talk about. Already? [Medical bay] All right. And I will. Good night, Captain. Speed's not the problem. I could increase the warp plasma ninety seven gigahertz. That would increase our velocity to warp nine point five and save us almost a full day. Exactly. At those kinds of speed the ship literally starts tearing herself apart. Not without bleeding power from some other source. The phaser reserves. Aye, sir. Thank you, sir. (Kasidy enters.) Aye, sir. Captain, there's no way the Defiant can penetrate the barrier. The energy's composed of subspace metrion radiation. If we get anywhere near it, the dilithium matrix in the warp core will collapse and we'll be pulled down onto the planet surface just like the Olympia. No. We can't get close enough to the barrier to initiate transport. Shields down to seventy three percent. Shields at fifty percent. We're coming out of it. Some buckling in the starboard hull plating but otherwise, we're fine. How are we for time? It must have something to do with the energy barrier. When her subspace radio signal passed through the metrion radiation in the barrier, the signal somehow time shifted into the future. It went through the barrier and travelled back in time in the same way. We should bury her. Well, I will if you insist. Then I object. I never shook her hand and I never saw her face, but she made me laugh and she made me weep. She was all by herself and I was surrounded by my friends, yet I felt more alone than she did. We've grown apart, the lot of us. We didn't mean for it to happen but it did. The war changed us, pulled us apart. Lisa Cusak was my friend. But you are also my friends, and I want my friends in my life because someday we're going to wake up and we're going to find that someone is missing from this circle, and on that day we're going to mourn, and we shouldn't have to mourn alone. To Lisa and the sweet sound of her voice. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Try one. You'll like it. You sure? It's a natural sweetness from the sap of the jumja tree. It's full of vitamin C. Oh, Neela told me. Who, Neela? She's terrific. She's even taught me a thing or two. No, she's a good engin (penny drops) Hold on. Well, you're not thinking? Well, Keiko. Oh, very funny. Sorry I couldn't get here sooner. Another fusion reactor went down. How's it going? Done? Did you remember to re-initialise the isolinear coprocessor? Let me. You know us old folks. We like to feel useful. (And Odo's monitors come to life) Not bad, not bad at all. If you keep this up, I'll be out of a job. Let's close it up. (Neela picks up a tool.) Not that one. That's a security seal. You need an E-J-Seven interlock to close it. It's okay, I have one here. (Opens his tool box.) Bloody hell. My E-J-Seven's missing. It was here yesterday. No, I don't misplace my tools. [Commander's office] With that interlock, someone could access every critical system on the station. No, now that you mention it. Have you talked to Odo? Computer, show location of any independent tritanium sources. That's the tool locker. I've been through everything in there three times. What's that? What would tritanium be doing in there? Computer, shut down that conduit. Reroute power flow. Come on. [Power conduit] That's a tritanium composite, all right. Looks like our missing interlock. That still doesn't explain how it got here in the first place. Hey, I'm picking up traces of organic material. Whatever it was, it's been pretty well cooked by this conduit. Let's take a sample to Doctor Bashir, see what he can make of it. [Turbolift] Ensign Aquino made a log entry the night he disappeared about some sort of plasma flow irregularity in the conduit. He indicated he was going to fix it. Well, I guess so. Bashir has confirmed that the remains were human. [Promenade] I'm sure the DNA trace will show it's Aquino. (at the jumja stall) I'll have one, please, unless you're feeling adventurous today. What? What are all these? Not for sale, huh? (He grabs the seller by the collar) How would you like a jumja stick You're damned right there is. Maybe you were right. Maybe we've no business here. I'll put in for a transfer and That's right. Yes, she is, and she doesn't deserve what you're doing to her. The Cardassians only equipped those power conduits with one flow regulator per level. The computer could've realigned it. When the power flow was rerouted back, it could've caught him inside. No, it all adds up only, well, I don't know. He borrowed one of my tools without asking. The repairs could've waited. He was a Starfleet engineer. You don't take a Chief's tools without asking. It's unheard of. I don't know what I'm suggesting. I only know what I know. He should've asked. A directed energy discharge? From a phaser? A runabout? What was he doing at a runabout at four in the morning? Everything in the runabout seems to be perfectly normal. Let's run a level one diagnostic of the runabout's computer interface, then we'll call it a day. I don't even know what we're looking for. If something happened around here, it's been pretty well covered up. Aquino? Barely at all. Just the welcome aboard, if you need anything speech. You? How come? You're not like that with me. Look, I'll close up here. Why don't you take off? Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure. On your toes, O'Brien. [Promenade/Replimat] (Odo is at a table watching a whole slew of Bajorans arriving) (calling from the upper level) Odo! This is a security bypass module. No, that's just it. It wasn't at pad C. That was clean as a whistle. Just to be safe, I ran a diagnostic across the board. This showed up at runabout pad A. Aquino never went anywhere near pad A. It doesn't make sense. But what was the plan? Everything else seems normal. We're not missing any. The school! [Promenade - outside the schoolroom] (Flames, secondary blasts, panic) Keiko! Keiko! (Another  blast, then Keiko comes round the corner) She's pretty shaken up, sir, but she's planning to hold classes tomorrow in one of the small cargo bays, if that's okay. It'll make her feel a lot better to hear that, sir. Yes, sir. I found a security bypass module at runabout pad A. It looks like someone might have wanted to steal a runabout. That's probably why Aquino went there in the first place. I've put security seals in place at all three pads and I'm checking for any other anomalies. What the hell? Computer, identify subprogram labelled ANA On whose authority? Me? I never saw this file before. Override command. Lieutenant, I've got to do a manual isolation of an anomalous file. It's in the security field subsystem, labelled ANA. For once we're lucky for once we're working with a Cardassian computer. It shouldn't have any more than seven sequences. Online. Patched to subroutine ANA. [Promenade] (Kira leads Bareil out of the airlock to an adoring throng. He picks up a small boy. Odo clears his path.) That's it! Computer, access subprogram ANA. code four one zero zero R L X. Identify commands within the file. The forcefields. Display sequence on screen. Computer, run a level three sensor sweep through the Promenade. Report any anomalous reading. An escape route. You got me. Identify. Activated to do what? I'm going down there. (to turbolift) Promenade. [Promenade] (Winn tries to take hold of Bareil's ear, but he clasps her hand in his instead.) Computer, is the subspace device integrated into the isolinear coprocessor? O'Brien to Dax. It's in the isolinear co-processor. [Ops] Yes, I did. With Neela. [Promenade outside the schoolroom] (Neela is in the crowd) No, it's got to be the weapon detectors in the Promenade. That's the only thing those co-processors could possibly affect. [Ops] That's got to be it. She's real. She's real good. She could make it look like they're normal. It's got to be the weapon detectors. O'Brien to Sisko [Schoolroom] I think the weapon detectors on the Promenade may have been disabled. [Schoolroom] Yes, sir. [Promenade] )Bareil has kept a firm grip on Winn's hand since she met him at the airlock)
Major, Quark's been looking for you. He says it's urgent. Commander, sensors are picking up elevated neutrino readings. A ship's coming through the wormhole. I'm reading a plasma leak in their engine core. The reactor's overheating. Life support is barely functioning. Aye, sir. (A female and three males are beamed in. They have very dry, flaking skin.) It's working, Commander, but for some reason it's having a hard analyzing their language patterns. Their syntax and their grammatical structure must be completely unlike anything in our database. It seems the men are a bit too emotional to become leaders. Kentanna? Commander, I've cleared the Skrreean ship to dock at upper pylon two. They're not responding, sir. There's a high-energy radiation leak in the port nacelle. We've tried to make him aware of it, but he refuses to acknowledge us. He's not responding Aye, sir. The interceptor's closing on the Skrreean ship. Commander, they're returning fire. The phaser beam must've ignited the radiation leak.
Imagine taking eleven bored schoolkids on a visit to the grain processing centre at Lasuma. I'm glad it's not me. (Odo enters) I'm reading a transporter signal. Someone must have beamed off the ship just as it exploded. (the transporter beam is not behaving) Something's interfering with the rematerialisation process. I'm already there. (The Klingon solidifies and collapses) Victory during a bio-survey? Aye, sir. (O'Brien goes to the turbolift while Dax is still sitting and smiling) Lieutenant You coming? Looks like duranium alloy. Probably pieces of the Klingon's secondary hull. Let's get a little closer. Major Kira's been awfully aggressive toward Commander Sisko lately about station policy. What if it's more than a difference of opinion? What if Kira thinks the Bajorans don't need us on DS Nine? It is their station. That doesn't mean there aren't plenty of misguided Bajorans who think they can go it alone. You've become quite friendly with Major Kira, haven't you? Well, I wouldn't get too friendly with the natives if I were you. Remember where your loyalties lie. Good. Anyone who's against Sisko is against me. I'm picking up a weak subspace transponder signal. It's the mission recorder. [Security office] There's more. The Klingons might want to know. Dax and I are setting up a data interpolation to fill in what's missing. It might take some time. Come in. (He's also working on the log) In his quarters, where he's safe. Management by mutiny. Standard operating procedure on a Klingon vessel. Don't worry. If Major Kira tries anything we'll be ready. At the current rate of processing it'll take at least seven more hours. But the computer's taking it one entry at a time. I'll set it up so you can access as it goes. Of course, Constable. Don't the Commander and I always try to make you happy? [Corridor] (a door is being guarded) Kira's already locked down the Valerian ship, and she's diverted half the station's systems to her control. An hour ago. I've heard some disturbing rumours from our people on the Promenade. I think she's going to make an attempt on your life. That's not a good idea, sir. There's a lot more of them than there are of us. If we tip our hand, it might work against us. Leave the station. Hear me out, sir. We leave the station, raise a Federation attack force and return. On that day, we'll get rid of all your enemies. I need a few more hours to free up the Valerian ship. I've already talked to their Captain. He's more than happy to take us back to Federation space. Almost there, sir. We've got one more level of security lockouts to break through and the Valerian ship will be ready to go. Commander! (Sisko knocks the Bajoran down the steps) Damn it. Kira must have set up a force field to keep us from beaming onto the Valerian ship. The transporter rerouted us here. Odo's our only chance. He might be able to override the field. I don't see we have any choice. Yes, sir. [Ops] It's been sealed. (Sisko starts to go back the way they came.) I wouldn't do that, sir. You might run into Kira. She must have realised we removed our comm. badges by now. (O'Brien gets into the door mechanism) It's completely locked down. Someone's activated a level five security protocol. There's only one other person on this station besides yourself who has that kind of access.
And I've downloaded the new docking procedure checklist for bay six into the BayProd D nine file. That's the only bay that's using the new criteria. And be sure to monitor the power fluctuations in the secondary fusion core. It's got some little kinks in there I don't like the look of. As soon as I get back I'm going to run a full diagnostic to be sure Well, if you have any problems you can reach me on subspace. Yes? Oh right. Thanks. I feel relaxed already. (O'Brien exits on the turbolift.) Commander. I forgot to tell you. I added a new subroutine to the environmental control in the habitat ring. Yes, sir? Aye, sir. [Promenade] (O'Brien is hurrying along, nearly dropping a PADD. He passes a man, stops and turns back.) Boone? O'Brien. Miles O'Brien. We served together on the Rutledge. I'm fine, just fine. I work on this station now. Chief engineer. How long you been out of Starfleet? Well, that's on the Cardassian side of the Demilitarised zone, isn't it? After what we went through in the border wars, I don't know how you can live there. You were there at Setlik Three? Really? That's why I stayed in. Listen, my wife is waiting me at a runabout and she hates it when I'm late, and I always am. Okay, let me know when. [Closet] (In a dark room, Boone checks the recording of the conversation.) Huh? Was I supposed to? Did I? Not me. I was dead as soon as my head hit the pillow. No, there must have been someone else in bed with us. Oh, just some new technical update manuals. Yeah, maybe we should've brought Molly with us. Do you think she'll be okay with the Petersons? (Keiko puts out food.) We could swing back, pick up the holocam and Molly, and still only lose half a day. (Keiko stares at O'Brien.) Or we could pick up the holocam when we get there. What? Just a few. Computer, play something by Minezaki. (He goes over to where she is sitting and starts kissing her face. Eventually she smiles.) I wish they did. Identify. Shields up. Try to send an emergency subspace signal to the station. They're hailing us. This is Miles O'Brien of Starbase Deep Space Nine. State your business. We're nowhere near the Cardassian border. You've no authority here. Don't worry. We haven't done anything. (Three Cardassians beam in) What are the charges? I demand to know what I'm being accused of. How the hell am I supposed to deny something when I don't know what you're talking about? I demand to speak to my Commander. I'm not going anywhere with you. (O'Brien is stunned.) My name is Miles O'Brien. My rank, Chief of Operations, Starfleet. I'm a Federation citizen. My name is Miles O'Brien. My rank is Chief of Operations, Starfleet. I'm a Federation citizen. (He is thrown against a wall and a guard cuts his clothes off.) My name is Miles O'Brien. My rank is Chief of Operations, Starfleet. I am a citizen of the Federation. My name is Miles O'Brien. My rank is Chief of Operations (A lock of hair and a tooth are taken from him during this, then he is irradiated. The main doors open and a female Cardassian enters.) As what? What do I need a lawyer for? What am I charged with? Who's accusing me? I've been told that I've already been charged, indicted, convicted and sentenced. What would I need with a lawyer? So that's what this is all about? Make the people of Cardassia feel better, huh? What am I being charged with? This is insane. What does matter? Not everyone. Only that I am not guilty of any crime, and that I hold this whole procedure with nothing but contempt. I do have one question. Have you ever won a case? Tell me you're here to take me home. Not so bad. They did some dental work when I got here that wasn't fun. Keiko. Is she all right? She's here? Now? No, I don't want her there. I don't want her to see me like this. My lawyer's already told me it's all over but the execution. I don't even know what I'm charged with! Did they tell you anything? What? Dealings? No. I'm not sure what you mean No. No! Are you here to interrogate me, Constable? Is anybody ever going to tell me what I'm supposed to have done? The Cardassians did find something in the hold, it's true. Nothing. No. No. My voice? I don't know. You don't know me very well, Constable, but I, I, I've been in service to the Federation, Starfleet, all my adult life. No one has ever questioned my loyalty. No one in my entire life has ever had cause to ask, Miles O'Brien, are you a criminal? I took an oath to defend the Federation and what it stands for. I don't steal from them. I don't lie to them. I'm no angel, but I try to live every day as the best human being I know how to be. I need my little girl to wake up in the morning and look up at me and see a man she can respect. Until now, she always could. I didn't figure on dying a martyr. Yes, sir. Odo. Thanks for being here. [Ops] No, thanks. Some romantic vacation I took you on, huh? Keiko, I don't want you to be there next week. Don't give them the satisfaction. I mean it. (The Archon re-enters) I have nothing to say to this court. What? I loved my parents. My wife is the most wonderful, supportive person I've ever known. Sorry, no, I can't help, because I'm no criminal. Killed? None. Since the war, that is. I'm not sure. It was war. Both sides did things they had to do. I decline to answer. It is. I do not concede. I am not guilty. I have committed no crime, and I do not concede to this court or the Cardassian Empire. Well, how did you figure it out? So he was spying for the Cardassians even when he was serving on the Rutledge with me? Next they would have been demanding that the Federation colonies be disbanded. Yeah, I'm ready to get back to work. But we haven't any bags, no holocam. I've nothing to read.
After I finished the tests I forwarded the schematics of the Breen weapon to Starfleet Engineering. They should have a preliminary report (Kira enters.) No, sir. I think we have all the data we need. Sir, we should inform you that research is not the only avenue we've been pursuing. He needs to know. We believe that they are responsible for infecting Odo in the first place. Evidently, Section Thirty One hoped that Odo would transmit the disease to the other Founders when he linked with them. Sir, we felt that The idea is that when Thirty One hears about it, they'll want to destroy Julian's research in order to prevent it falling into the hands of the Dominion. Can't sleep? How'd you get in? Oh, I was running another power test on the Breen weapon. What were you reading? (O'Brien starts a game.) Tale of Two Cities. My mother's favourite book. Odo? For a minute there I thought you were going to say seventy thousand. You won't get any argument from me on that. But for now, the focus has to be Odo. Finding him a cure, that has to be our priority. I've had enough. Have you? I'll be ready. [Bashir's bedroom] (Bashir is lying on the bed when he realises there is someone else there.) What's that supposed to mean? We're ready. The Captain already knows what we're doing. And he's given us his full support. What's going on? If he dies What's the verdict? He committed suicide just to prevent us finding the cure. Julian, this might sound a bit morbid, but what if you were to use your Romulan mental probes now? Maybe we should just let him die in peace. Or maybe I'll find you a multitronic engrammatic interpreter. (Later) This is crazy. You have me re-routing so many power relays and transfer coils I can't guarantee any of this will work without running a series of diagnostics. I give up. You've explained it to me three times and I still don't get it. But even if you can link minds with Sloan, how are you going to find the cure? Oh, so you're just going to wander around these streets looking for a little box labelled The Cure? Will he be, you know, aware of what you're doing? How will you get out? What if you get disoriented or lost in some nightmare of Sloan's and he dies while you're still in there? I'm going with you. You heard me. And it's not open to debate. If you're determined to go on this lunatic mission inside Sloan's head, then somebody with an ounce of sanity has to be with you. There's that too. How long have we got? No. But let's do it anyway. (They put on the head bands and off we go into Sloan's head.) [Turbolift] (Going down.) Julian? Why are we in a turbolift? I don't remember getting in here. Sloan. But we're really still in the lab. Then where are we going? I wouldn't have missed it for the world. (And it stops.) I think we've stopped. Either that or we're falling very, very slowly. I don't see why not. Well? Oh, no. This little trip wasn't my idea. On the count of three. I wasn't worried. (And the turbolift drops again then stops suddenly.) What how? Look, Sloan, we're a little pressed for time. Would you mind repeating that? Maybe we should do as he says. He's right about that. Why Deep Space Nine? I'm just wondering why the inside of your head looks like our space station? Congratulations. Julian. I knew it. That this wasn't going to be easy. [Science lab] I wish I knew how long we've been in here. Show off. (trying yet another door) Locked. All locked. Sloan could be hiding in any one of these rooms. Or he could've taken that turn off we passed. We're not going to find him unless he wants to be found. It's his playing field. (A leather-clad man with a weapon is in their way.) I thought we were in the cerebellum. You shot him! You all right? It doesn't make sense. I mean, if none of this is real, why does it hurt so much? Oh. That makes sense. Maybe this is a good time for you to get us out of here. What do you mean, you can't? What do you mean you're too weak? Julian, we have to get out of here! Ha. I don't believe this. So, this is it? I should've left a note for Keiko to let her what we were planning. No, I want her and the kids to understand why I had to do this. That's what'll upset her the most. She always said I liked you more than I liked her. Right. Yeah. What? Are you crazy? She's my wife. I love her. Yeah. I do not. We work together. Julian, you are starting to annoy me. I love my wife. You do? Have you told her? Oh, yeah? When? Yeah, well, I love my wife. It's the tunnel! You know, the tunnel to the Great Beyond! No. No, no, no. Come on, we can't just sit here waiting for death. Come on. On your feet, man. Come on, come on. Let's check one more door. The point is to do our duty right up until the end. One more door. (And with a tap of button 47) [Science lab] I'm fine. It's over, Julian. He's gone. How'd he take it? I need some sleep. So do you. Look, Julian It was the worst of times. It's the first line of the book. Must be a misprint. The book starts over again. You and Ezri are exchanging books? Yes, she's playing a practical joke on you. What are you talking about? These are my quarters. Keiko's asleep in that room. And because you don't know what happens after page two ninety four? He's trying to stop us finding the cure. That door we were about to open when we woke up. The cure must be in there. (Rumble) What's going on? Are you sure? Don't let him distract you. Julian, look at this. I think it's time we got out of here. What for? That'll have to wait. Julian! Listen to me. He wants us to die with him. If we die, Odo dies too! Odo needs you, Julian. He's counting on you. Hey, Julian, next time you take a trip inside someone's mind, you're going on your own. So when will Odo be up and around again? Ah-ha. Here we go. (O'Brien gets a bottle out from under the bar.) I knew Quark was hoarding a bottle of the good stuff. What? I'm drinking with a child. (O'Brien pours.) Very funny. To Odo. Wow is right. Tell me something. If you'd had more time to read the data in Sloan's mind, do you think we would have brought down Section Thirty One? What's that? To friendship. I'd better get home. Keiko's holding dinner for me. Yeah, well, she's a hell of a woman. That's right. That's why I love her. You want to come?
Hyper spanner. (Nog hands it over.) Optronic coupler. (Likewise, then is ready with the next item.) How did you know I was going to ask for a phase decompiler? That you were, Cadet. I'm an Engineer. That's what we do. There. Good as new. Damn! [Ops] (Walking through.) We repaired the leak right away. The problem is worse than I thought. The entire plasma distribution manifold is shot. [Captain's office] No. Cardassian manifolds use a beta-matrix compositor which can't be replicated. We could send a salvage team to the abandoned Cardassian station in the Trivas System. It's the same design as this station. The Cardassians pulled out about a year ago, but there's a good chance that the plasma manifold system is still operational. There hasn't been any for several months. Strategically, they seem to have lost interest in that sector. So what did Captain Sisko do to persuade you to come along? He threatened you, didn't he? Well, whatever he did, I'm glad you're here. What's the matter? Well, if it makes you feel any better, I promise I will never have you over. Don't mention it. Anything to return the favour. Disarming Cardassian booby traps is my least favourite kind of engineering. Welcome aboard, Cadet. You've earned it. But one more sir and I'll leave you behind. Let's get going. Next stop, Empok Nor. (Later, en route. Garak and Nog are playing a board game. Boq'ta is at helm.) What is that supposed to mean? I'm not a soldier anymore. I'm an engineer. What's your point, Garak? We do it for fun. It's a game. Maybe some other time. Cardassian emblems and insignias? This is a salvage operation, Pechetti, not an opportunity to indulge your collecting obsession. Take us out of warp. Run a full scan. I'll take the helm. I'll take us into transporter range. That could be messy. We'll have to dock. Landing pads are sealed. We'll have to try an upper pylon. Thanks for having us. All right, listen up. We're going to break up into three teams. Nog and Stolzoff, you're with me. We're going to do the Must Haves. Pechetti and Amaro, you'll do Could Use. Boq'ta and Garak, Would Be Nice. Garak has disabled the central security net, but there could be booby-traps anywhere. Don't move into an area until you've scanned it. If you see something that isn't right, don't touch it. Call for help. All right, let's go. [Empok Nor Promenade] (Garak starts to follow Boq'ta up the stairs, when he touches some blue gel on the banister.) Coil spanner. Flux-coupler. Flux-coupler! Go ahead. [Empok Nor Infirmary] On my way. [Empok Nor Airlock] (The runabout is drifting away from the station.) A runabout doesn't disengage from its docking clamps and blow up all on its own. That's possible, but one thing's for sure. They're out there somewhere, and considering what they did to the runabout, I don't think they're too friendly. Neither's mine. They must've set up a dampening field. That's not a bad idea. The deflector grid is still relatively intact. If we could modify the field coils to emit a series of covariant pulses. For the pulses to be strong enough to reach Deep Space Nine, we'd have to boost power to the induction grid. Pechetti, you go down to the Habitat ring and bring the microfusion reactor back online. Stolzoff, you go with him. Boq'ta, realign the magnetic flow field in conduit G-four. Amaro will watch your back. Nog and Garak, you're with me. We'll set up the signal generator in cargo bay four. Use your communicators as little as possible. We don't want to give away our positions. Any questions? Let's go. [Empok Nor Cargo bay] Maybe so, but I don't intend to be here long enough to find out what it is. I love a good mystery, the kind I can read in bed, not the kind that's trying to kill me. Right now, let's concentrate on finishing this signal modulator so we can get out of here. You have the whole trip home to sort out the mystery. Nog? I need your help with the phase discriminator. Stolzoff? Stolzoff! [Empok Nor Promenade] (They find Stolzoff's body, the glass and then Pechetti's remains too. Boq'ta and Amaro arrive during the break and the bodies are covered with sheets.) Take it easy. We're going to get out of here, you can count on that. But we've got to stay focused. It looks like Pechetti was almost done getting the microfusion reactor back online. I'll finish that and then I'll go back down to the cargo bay. How are you doing with the conduits? Good. You and Amaro get down to auxiliary control and reconfigure the pulse generator. We have to. If we don't send out a signal, we're never going to get off this station. I need you, Boq'ta. You can do this. What if I send Garak with you too? Would that make you feel better? What are you talking about? Meaning what? Amaro. Let him go. If he thinks he can neutralise the Cardassians, let him try. He'll be doing us all a favour. No. I just want to get everyone home. If you're going to go, go. Nog, you go with Boq'ta and Amaro. Because he wants to get under my skin. That doesn't mean I like thinking about what happened then. I was a soldier, Nog. Sometimes soldiers have to kill. Where did you get this? Why? So they gave them a drug to make them hate anybody but Cardassians? Maybe it's an experiment that went wrong. That's why they were left in stasis. They were uncontrollable. You look different. That's not the face of a tailor. That should do it. O'Brien to Boq'ta. Boq'ta, come in. Amaro, what's going on up there? [Empok Nor corridor] Easy now. Easy. Who's out there? Come on. He may still be close by. [Empok Nor Infirmary] Not anymore. The psychotropic drug. He must've been exposed to it. It's the only explanation. I should've seen it earlier. The way he accused Amaro of wanting to kill him. The way he insisted on going after those Cardassians. Yes. You saw what he did to Amaro and the others. He's not going to listen to us. Garak knows what we've been trying to do. He'll stop us. Forget it! I've already lost four crewmen trying to send out that bloody signal. Garak was right. We should've gone after those Cardassians as soon as they attacked us. You don't wait for the enemy to come to you, you go to him. Come on. We're going after Garak. If that's what it takes to stop him, yes. [Empok Nor Commander's office] We split up. Enter Ops through the main corridor. I'll go through the Captain's office. Wait for my signal. Listen to me, Garak. It's the drug. It's affecting you. You've got to fight it. [Empok Nor Corridor] (Garak has tied Nog up, and his comm. badge on his sleeve.) I just want my crewman back, that's all. No, I'm nothing like you. [Empok Nor corridor] I don't remember. All right, Garak, you want to finish this game? Fine. Let's finish it. [Empok Nor corridor] No weapons. What's that in your hand? You first. Your turn. You're right. I'm an engineer. (He taps his comm. badge, the tricorder triggers the phaser to overload and BOOM! Garak is knocked out by the blast.) Are you okay, Nog? No. I didn't. [Infirmary] He looks so peaceful. It's hard to believe he's the same man who attacked us. Can I talk to him? I thought you might want to know that we salvaged the plasma manifold. It's being installed right now. I guess it didn't exactly go the way any of us expected. You know there's going to be an inquest. Don't worry. Once they know the facts I'll tell her. Julian tells me the blast broke a couple of your ribs. Don't take this the wrong way, but that was the plan. I'll see you around. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
What's he doing here? It's supposed to hurt. Once we're close enough, we can fire an EM pulse at the sun. We are. Just close enough to trigger a solar plasma ejection. The explosion should be enough to incinerate everything within a hundred million kilometres. See what? Don't do this, Quark. You want to complain about the gagh, that's fine with me. But don't complain about it when we're in the mess hall sitting at a table surrounded by a dozen Klingons. That's why you didn't want us on this mission with you. You wanted to get her into Sto-vo-kor without our help. I have never heard Worf apologise to anyone. Impressive. General, I've found it. A magnetic instability near the sun's equator. I'm afraid it's not that simple. We have to make sure the ejection has the right trajectory to destroy the shipyard. He's right. Damn it. We're ready, General. We'll have to increase the magnetic gradient. I'll recalibrate the deflector. EM pulse ready, General. We missed you, sir.
He always cuts the pants too long. Here, let me. Good idea. Three settings. I assume you sent Molly over to stay with the Fredericks. You let them play together? The boy almost bit somebody's hand off. Gentle was bred out of these Cardassians a long time ago. I only said. Keiko, darling, what is this? Can't sleep? I'm not sure. You might have something to say about that, you know. I mean, you should be telling Commander Sisko what you want. He'll understand that. You're a Cardassian. They should've taken you home when they left. It must be tough for you, living on Bajor. Being Cardassian. That's not what I meant. There's nothing wrong with being a Cardassian. Who taught you that? How do your parents feel about Cardassians? Why would you want to live with someone who hates you? Come on, even I got my bottom whacked by my Dad once or twice. Me? Well, I can't say, really. Well, you can't judge a whole race of people. You can't hate all Cardassians or all Klingons or all humans. I've met some Cardassians I didn't like, and I've met some I did. Like you. Miles O'Brien. Come in. Sit down. He's with my wife. They'll be back shortly. I thought it might be a good idea if we talked first. Your son, Rugal When was the last time you saw him? I think he's spent most of his life trying to forget you. The boy hates everything he is. He hates Cardassians, he hates being a Cardassian. He may not want you back in his life. We'd do almost anything to protect our families. I have a daughter myself. She's four, the same age your son was when you lost him. You had no way of knowing he was still alive. The boy accused him of being a butcher. He hates Cardassians, sir. Pa'Dar was heartbroken. I can only imagine how I'd feel in his shoes. (Bashir and Garak enter) He said he had disgraced everything a Cardassian believes in. Remember what I said. If you ever want to come back and visit, just let me know and I'll arrange it.
We tried something similar about a year ago without much success. I configured those coils myself. The variance was less than point zero one percent. You don't mind if I look at the specs? The main switching relays are in here. I think we should hook your transceiver to the ODN interface through the What? Oh, I made some modifications. Well, in order to bring the system up to Starfleet code, I had to take out the couplings to make room for a secondary backup. In case the first backup fails. It's very unlikely, but in a crunch I wouldn't like to be caught without a second backup. Well, I think our best bet would be to go Fine. I'll just sit here quietly. Why not. [Bridge] (Kira and Ulani enter.) We can't do that. Because those coils aren't configured to handle ODN output. Actually, I replaced them. They were always shorting out on us. Frankly I don't see how this station kept running during the occupation. If you had told me know what you were planning to do, I would have. What, you think I won't be able to understand? What? That humans aren't good engineers? I beg your pardon? Maybe on Cardassia. But on this station, this man is Chief of Operations, and I know more about these systems anyone, including you. I think I know what the problem is, so if you want to get that transceiver online, hand me the laser-torch and give me some room. [Bridge] (The satellite is hanging in space.) That's what caused the gravity well to form. That wasn't included in the data you sent us. Not necessarily. I could modify the Defiant's phaser array to generate a beam wide enough to encompass the entire comet. Three hours. I've accessed the Defiant's primary phaser relay. I'm going to try shunting it through the warp drive. Not if we bypass the plasma emitter. The emitter coupling is over there. I'm decoupling the servos so they don't lock up. Well they get the job done, I guess. And right now, the most important job is bypassing the plasma emitter. Children? What are you talking about? I already have a child, and a wife. Yes, happily. I haven't. All we've done since we met is argue. Of course. That's how Cardassians, er, do things. I think so. I'm not remotely interested in you. That's not what I meant. No, you are very attractive, and I'm flattered of course Gilora, we have to finish this. Aye, sir. Phasers are locked on target. I don't know, sir. The entire weapons relay just blew. All defensive systems are down. There's no way they should have misfired like that. I modified the systems myself. The main emitter coupling has been depolarised. I must have accidentally inverted the power flow when I tried to modify the phaser array. I can't believe it. A first year Engineering student wouldn't make a mistake like that. The warp drive. It could create a subspace bubble around the ship. Maybe, but it could overload the engines. I'm picking up a neutrino surge. Something's coming through. (WHOOSH! Three comet pieces and a shuttlepod.) [Shuttlepod] I don't believe it. I'm picking up the test signal from the communications relay. The comet fragments. They must left a silithium trail in the wormhole. [Shuttlepod] I just wanted to say that I appreciate what you did on the Defiant. I hope it won't cause you too much trouble when you get back to Cardassia. Still, it was a very brave thing to do. Too proud, sometimes. It's gotten me into trouble now and again. Keiko.
I don't see why Captain Sisko insists on having me here. I'm not a senior officer. Why, thank you. (Dax arrives last.)
What happened to your ship? I'll have to take a look. Excuse me. (O'Brien and an engineer go into the airlock) The damage is more extensive than I thought. They were lucky to escape the attack. They weren't in any meteor swarm. They were hit by Cardassian disrupters. Professor Lang's ship should be ready to go in about an hour, Commander. They're powering up their forward disrupters.
Kelindide, rhodinium, nothing unusual there. All materials commonly used in Cardassian ship construction. I'd like to be able to tell you that, Major, but it's too soon to be sure. No sign of an explosive device yet, sir. Well, I wouldn't do that yet. I'll let you know, sir. That's odd. I'm picking up traces of a mercassium compound. Well, there was. I'm not quite sure yet. Lieutenant, respectfully, these kinds of things take time and I've got to If a proto-matter device was attached to the crossfeeds, that could have created the overload and we'd never see any sign of it. Maybe. If we could get a high resolution spectra of the impulse debris. But that's going to take some Yes, sir. I've got answers for you but I'm not sure you're going to like them. Yes, sir, and not only that Yes, sir. The traces of mercassium we found were from the casing of the device itself. It had to be a Federation design. What are you talking about, their fault? You're in charge of Security. Only two, sir. A Bardeezan merchant ship and a Galador freighter. The Bardeezans went through the wormhole. The freighter is operating on a trade route between Galador Two and Farius Prime. No problem, Commander. I've got it. The computer's showing it was on a bearing two one six, mark one seven seven. As it left our sensor range, it was still heading for Farius Prime. We could make it a general transmission. If it changes course, someone should spot them. Commander, a Klingon freighter two light years from the Demilitarised zone has ID'ed the warp signature. The ship did change course just as you predicted. Aye, sir. O'Brien out.
Not Droner Drazman? The commander of the Proxima maintenance yards? Full dress uniform, fine table linens, a different fork for every course? Thanks but no thanks. That's why I stayed an enlisted man. They don't expect me to show up for these formal dinners. Commander, I'm receiving an incoming emergency message. It's from DS Nine. Aye, sir. (Sisko, Dax and Bashir are beamed out) That's strange. Oh, nothing serious. Just a power fluctuation in the annular confinement beam. Hold on, that's impossible. I stabilised the beam, but according to our sensors they never materialised at their destination. They're just gone. [Street] (Sisko is lying on the floor being prodded with a weapon.) Check the Heisenberg compensators. I'll run a level one diagnostic of the pattern buffers, see if there's any kind of field imbalance. Any news from Starfleet? That doesn't agree with our records. The system log shows the transport was completed successfully. They definitely materialised somewhere. I wish I knew. Whatever the answer is, it's not in the log. The only thing unusual it recorded was the variance in the annular confinement beam. It was a simple adjustment. The beam was just reacting to the accumulation of chroniton particles in the ship's hull. They're emitted by the cloaking device. They sometimes become lodged in the ship's ablative armour matrix. And I don't know why there should be one now. Wait a minute. It looks like there was a surge in temporal energy seconds before the initiation of the transporter sequence. Oh, it's a clue all right. I just don't know what it means yet. [Sanctuary District main gate] (There's a big wall with a gate in it. Inside are tenements with washing hanging on the fire escapes.) Major, I think I know what happened to Commander Sisko and the others. The temporal surge we detected was caused by an explosion of a microscopic singularity passing through this solar system. Somehow, the energy emitted by the singularity shifted the chroniton particles in our hull into a high state of temporal polarisation. Which means the transporter beam was redirected as it passed through the polarised particles. Not where, when. The beam was redirected through time, not space. They arrived in San Francisco, just like they were supposed to. More like centuries. [Processing Centre] (A man is doodling on Sisko's trouser leg. When Sisko stops him, he turns to the hand of the woman on the other side.) The problem is, we don't know where in time Sisko and the others are. I've narrowed it down to a dozen different possibilities. But we only have enough polarised chronitons to make five or six attempts. I think I know a few likely candidates. [Sanctuary District alley] (Next morning. Our heroes have been sleeping in an alley by the basement of a building.) Too late, Major. It looks like Starfleet's changed our minds for us. Headquarters thinks our plan's too risky. They're afraid that while we're searching for Sisko and the others, we may contaminate the timeline. I had a feeling you'd say that. That's odd. I'm not getting any response from Starfleet. There's nothing wrong on our end. Everything checks out fine. Still nothing. Maybe if I direct it toward one of the Federation communications satellites in Earth orbit. They're not there. The entire Earth satellite network is gone. All of it. The Utopia Planitia yards on Mars, the terraforming stations on Venus, Starfleet Headquarters. I'm not detecting a single sign of Starfleet activity anywhere in this sector. The only subspace signals I'm detecting are coming from the vicinity of Alpha Centauri. And they're Romulan. They must have. I'm not sure. Maybe, maybe when it exploded, the singularity that polarised the chroniton particles created some kind of subspace bubble around the ship, isolated it from the changes in the timeline. I'm not sure, I'd have to run some tests. One thing's for certain, right now this ship is all that's left of Starfleet. [Sanctuary District Apartment Building]
Computer, is the diagnostic on the fusion power plant finished yet? What are you talking about? It's thirteen percent below normal. Well, I don't. Anara. (A Bajoran woman comes over) How much do you know about the carbon reaction chambers? It's a bloody inefficient system, and I'd trade it in for a Federation model tomorrow if I could. But it's all we've got. Do me a favour. Keep an eye on the exhaust plasma temperature. Computer, increase deuterium flow by five percent to reaction chamber two. Look, I've had enough of your opinions, damn it. Just do it. I don't want to read your tech manual. Fine, we'll do it ourselves. Re-initialising reactor two. Directing plasma stream to conduits one four three, one four four What? Computer, analyse reactor two failure. That's it. That's the straw. This is no computer. This is my arch enemy. Fine? With all due respect, Commander, as an engineer, I couldn't look at myself in the mirror if I allowed this computer to perform as it is now. I'll have to do a root canal. It's engineering shorthand, sir. I'll have to get into its guts and rebuild her from the ground up. Well, I'm still not that familiar with Cardassian technology but I'd guess no more than two, three years. You don't understand. That's all right. Forget about it. It's all right. It doesn't matter. Thank you, sir. I'll get on it right away. (The turbolift has arrived) Aye, sir. Yeah, there you go. Who would have thought? Well, knowing this computer, I thought I would have to reconfigure the whole emulator module to make it compatible with the probe, but it's cooperating for once. Well done, computer. Already? On screen. Lieutenant? That's an awful lot of computer hardware to simply navigate a probe. I don't get it. Every component of the turbolift power net seems to be operational. If we were on a starship, I'd reroute the EPS power flow in a couple of hours but with this computer, there's no telling how long it'll take. Commander, can I talk to you? It's about the computer, sir. No, sir, that's just the thing. It's not. It rerouted the EPS power flow in less than an hour. We can't. It didn't activate the Turbolift circuits. Don't ask me why. I want you to listen to something. Computer, analyze Ops O2 sensor readings. Computer, restart all shield generator subsystems. Do you hear it? The voice. It's not the same attitude. Sir, when you work with a computer as much as I do, you get to know it. They're all very different. Working with the Enterprise computer was like dancing a waltz. With this computer, it's always been like a wrestling match, till we started downloading the probe. Well, it's got to be more than just a programme, sir. The computer's whole personality has changed. It's not resisting any commands, offering any opinions, giving any arguments. And there's this one other crazy thing I'm almost afraid to mention, Every time I leave, something happens to bring me back. To the computer. Like the failures to the turbolifts and the transporters. A few minutes ago, I was working at the transporter pad and the comm. lines went down. And when I broke for a quick bite to eat, we had a replicator failure. It's almost like the computer doesn't want me to leave it alone. In a way, we already have. I mean, it's part and parcel of our computer now. It came here when we downloaded the probe's files. If we upload those same files back to the probe, it might go with them. I don't think it has. That would make it more like a virus, but I don't see any evidence that it's trying to overwrite our control networks or destroy our systems. I think it's more likely that it simply creates connections with areas of the computer that are active. If I'm right, transferring all of its programming off the station just might solve our problems. Computer, upload all probe command sequences back to probe's computers. Reset subspace emitter. Reinitialise data stream. Upload all probe command sequences back to probe's computers. It's not as easy as I thought it would be, Commander. [Promenade] Ready, Commander If it works, we ought to be able to get all of the probe's files manually transferred to the six isolinear rods in less than sixty seconds. Computer, run a level one diagnostic of all power systems on board. The computer's not responding. None of the fire suppression systems are coming online. Aye, sir. [Corridor] (The fire is coming, and the door behind them won't open, either electronically or manually) (After adverts, on the other side of the bulkhead) It's not paying any attention to me. We have no idea how long that probe was tumbling through space, maybe years with that lifeform alone on board. It's sort of like shutting up a puppy up in a room, you know? I had a pup once. If I had to lock him up, he'd scratch forever at the door, trying to get out. Pups don't like to be left alone. They like attention. That's right, so it's no wonder it doesn't want to leave. Everything we've seen suggests that this entity likes to be where the action is. It seems to feed off the energy of an active computer. We've been trying to separate it from what it thrives on. We've got to do the exact opposite. Lieutenant, I've got to build a doghouse. [Turbolift] Anara? Computer, analyse subprogram labelled Pup. Re-route all main computer backup functions through this subprogramme. Great. Okay, Computer, now, listen carefully, I want to transfer all probe command sequences out of core memory and into the subprogram Pup. I didn't. I was able to get our friend out of the main command pathways and into a subprogramme. I don't see why not. It's happy. It's not bothering us any more. It seems the humane thing to do. I'll take care of it, make sure it gets enough attention and all. Yes, sir. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Bang. You're dead. We get the message, Constable. That's what I like about you, Julian. You're easily impressed. So what you're saying is, it's quiet in here. I thought I'd ask the Klingons what they're up to. Why not? Well, suit yourself. (O'Brien sits down again. Bashir tries the sand pea flip trick and misses.) The secret is positioning the pea correctly on the hand. Relax. If something's up with the Klingons, Captain Sisko will find out about it. Commander Worf. Too long. Welcome aboard. Commander, over here. (By the dart board.) Doctor Julian Bashir, Lieutenant Commander Worf. It's like poker, but with pointed tips. All right then, think of it as target practice. Aim for the dot in the middle. (Worf misses the bull, but the dart is half-buried in the eleven.) What did I tell you? [Guest quarters] (Worf is unpacking a few personal items - a weapon, a picture of him and Alexander - when the doorbell rings.) Mister Worf, what can I do for you? I think he's in a briefing session with I'm picking up a huge distortion wave in subspace. The Klingon ships are going to warp. Judging from the vector of the subspace disturbance I'd say their heading is two six nine mark zero three two. Besides, what if the Klingons are right? What if the Dominion has taken over the Cardassian government? But how? The way I see it, we only have got two choices, both of them bad. If we stand by and do nothing, we run the risk of being the Klingons' next target. But if we disobey Starfleet orders and warn the Cardassians, we may end up starting a war with the Klingons. Well, what did the Federation Council say? Captain, you're never going to believe this. A Klingon ship just decloaked off upper pylon three and is requesting permission to dock. They claim they have Chancellor Gowron on board and he is demanding to speak with Mister Worf, personally. [Klingon Bridge] You look like you could use some company. How could I forget? It was touch and go there for a while. There were a couple of moments when I thought we were all going to wind up being assimilated. Except keep the holodecks working right. Resign? What are you talking about? Look, I know how much you miss the Enterprise, but I'm sure they'll be building a new one soon. And do what? All the more reason to stay in Starfleet. The Nyberrite Alliance? That's a long way. What about your son? I think I liked it better when it was quiet. I got to hand it to you, Quark. You really know how to make your customers feel welcome. I never thought I'd say this, but right now I'm glad the Dominion's around. Otherwise we never would've started these upgrades, let alone have them almost finished by now. I just hope everything works okay. The way I see it, there are two possibilities. Either everything'll be fine or Or we'll end up blowing the station to pieces. Not yet. Hold on. I'm picking up something on long-range scanners. It's the Defiant. Yeah, but they've got two Klingon ships on their tail. The Captain's hailing us. Yes, sir. I wish we could've tested them first. While you were gone, we spoke to Starfleet command. They sent a relief force under Admiral Hastur. Not soon enough. Yeah. I've got the shields back up, but I don't know how long they'll hold. It's over. Congratulations. You look good in red. Well, you couldn't ask for a better teacher.
That's a pretty large area. How many ships are in the search party? Commander, I'm picking up a distress signal. [Cavern] (Sisko hears a noise so he closes the unit up and turns it around to it's former position then lies down. Dukat enters carrying two foam pads.) I've locked onto them. (They beam up two women, one with her left arm in a sling.) Transporter room to bridge. We have the survivors on board. Two women. [Bridge] I'm sorry, Captain. There's some kind of subspace interference between us and the station. I'll keep trying. No, I couldn't understand a word. Captain. I'm picking up a signal. It's from Gul Dukat. Ship's log, stardate 51413.6. We have rescued Captain Sisko, but we did not have time to locate Gul Dukat's shuttle. We are now en route to our rendezvous with the troop convoy near the Badlands, and the Captain is recovering in sickbay. [Medical bay]
And the messenger from the Queen watched the little man as he danced and sang and laughed. How he would soon have the daughter he always wanted because they would never guess that his name was Rumpelstiltskin, right. And the next day, when the little man came and asked, 'Now, Mrs Queen, what is my name?' She said at first, 'Are you called Jack?' 'No,' he answered. 'Are you called Harry?' 'No,' he answered. And then she said, 'Then perhaps your name is' Rumpelstiltskin. And at the sound of his own name, the old man was so furious that he stamped his foot, shaking the entire kingdom, and he broke in two and disappeared. And the King and Queen and their daughter lived happily ever after. Good night, little one. Sweet dreams. Now then, shall I tuck you in with a bedtime story too? Naturally. Sweetheart, that was just make-believe. Rumpelstiltskin isn't real, okay? All right, I'll come in and check, but then it's bedtime. Why we tell her stories about evil dwarfs that want to steal children? [Molly's bedroom] (There is the lovely Michael John Anderson) Take her out of here. Please, just go. O'Brien to Security. Intruder alert. Send a team to my quarters immediately. What are you? I know what you look like. but you're not Rumpelstiltskin. O'Brien to Sisko. [Sisko's quarters] This one didn't come out of any holosuite. The wave front's converging toward a single point. You're right. I'm not getting any particulate readings from the core. Aye, sir.. Calibrating sensors for subspace. Three minutes to coordinates. [Laboratory] The probe is penetrating the thoron field. Two and a half minutes to coordinates. Go away. You're in the way. Two minutes to coordinates. Thoron emissions are stable. Look, figment, I'm not afraid of anybody, least of all you. Ninety seconds to coordinates. A figment of my imagination, that's all. You should be getting some primary data, Commander. Thirty seconds to coordinates. [Laboratory] A Vulcan science mission to the Hanoli rift detonated a pulse wave torpedo at the coordinates of the tear. They were wiped out, along with the entire Hanoli system. No, sir. But they were only within range of the anomaly for twelve hours. We've looked high and low for some common ground, something to give us a fix on how to attack this thing. And frankly, sir, as funny as it sounds, we think pulse wave torpedoes may still be the best approach. The Vulcans were using a primitive device. In the past two hundred years, we've developed far better ways of controlling the flux density. We should be able to contain the internal reaction this time. We could have one ready by twenty two hundred hours. I'm installing pulse wave devices in the torpedoes now, Commander. Six, seven minutes. Torpedoes ready. All systems functioning properly. Torpedo guidance is on nominal track. Impulse sustainer throttling down. Arming pulse wave initiator. Activating pulse waves. Compression level at fourteen hundred and rising. Compression twenty nine hundred. Three thousand. Thirty five hundred. Holding compression. Ready, sir. Wave intensity from the rift is dropping. The thoron field boundary is shrinking. Particle energy is rising. Wait a minute, what's this? Damn it. We're picking up an exothermic reaction pattern. It may be neutralising the pulse waves. Stand by. Residual pulse wave activity from our torpedoes is down to fourteen percent. The flux density readings inside the rupture are off the scale. (BOOM) [Quark's] (Furniture and glassware goes flying) [Security office] A generator's down. Section four is exposed. Stand by, sir. Sensors are back online. The pulse waves from our torpedoes have been completely neutralised. It's just a matter of time before the rift starts expanding again. Minutes. You? You're telling me you can seal that rupture out there? Well do it, damn it! This is crazy. You're out of a storybook, a fairy tale. Sir? Aye, sir. Aye, sir. Aye, sir. [Commander's office] (Sisko eases himself down onto the settee)
Free? Go? I can't leave. Where would I go to? Major? It can't be. It's been twenty years. You haven't changed at all. I don't understand. What? It's real to me, Major. It's real to me. [O'Brien's quarters] I used to dream about this. Being on in runabout, coming through the wormhole, seeing the station again. Now I keep expecting to wake up and find myself back in the cell. I'd forgotten how beautiful it was. Julian. Is it really you? Never thought I'd see you again. Keiko? Doctor's orders? It was bad. I was alone. [Argrathi cell - memory] (When O'Brien is first thrown from the light into the cell, an alien drips fruit juice on to his lips.) Thanks. Six years? Espionage. Miles. Miles O'Brien. Completely alone. [Promenade - upper level] Computer. A piece of chee'lash fruit please. Well, it's sort of. I don't know the specifications. Cancel the request. You're pregnant? It's been so long I'd forgotten. Maybe in a little while. (Molly leaves) It's just, I've been alone for so long. Three counselling sessions a week. I can hardly wait. (O'Brien is putting food into a napkin) Mm-hmm? Nothing. It's just a habit I picked up in prison. The guards didn't care much whether I lived or died. Sometimes they wouldn't deliver food for days, weeks even. When they did feed me, I ate as little as possible and save the rest. You get used to it. [Argrathi cell - memory] (Ee'Char wraps food in a piece of cloth and buries it. O'Brien has got a beard already.) How did you manage? Six years in here all by yourself. Eseekas? That helps? Show me. I have plenty of time to learn. I'm gazing. What are you laughing at? How do you do that? No, laugh after six years in here. Do I need one seventeen, or two? No, neither am I. Nah, that's all right. I know darts isn't really your game. To be honest, I don't feel much like playing myself. You're a good friend, but (O'Brien sees Ee'Char looking in from the Promenade.) Hold on a second. [Promenade] (Ee'char is gone.) It's fine. I just thought I saw someone I used to know. [Cargo bay] (Irony of ironies, Jake is showing O'Brien a box full of tools.) Interphasic coil spanner. ODN recoupler. No, no, d on't tell me. I'll get it. A quantum flux regulator, mark three. Let's go through it again. I don't want to be embarrassed in front of the repair crews. Oh, well if I'm still the Chief, I say we go through it again. [Conduit] (O'Brien is using one of the light bulb gizmos on a large printed circuit.) All done here. I reconfigured the magnetic waveguides. Saved us the trouble of replacing the whole unit. You go ahead. There's a couple of things I want to look at down here. Brush up a little more. Don't you forget it. (The work crew leave, and Bashir comes down the ladder.) Hello, Julian. Come to check up on me? So? What for? All Telnorri ever wants to do is sit and listen to me tell stories of what it was like to be in an Argrathi prison. How often did they beat me? Was I distressed by the lack of toilet facilities? If you ask me, he's the one with the problem. Julian, I don't want to talk to a counsellor. I just want to forget about what happened on Argratha and get on with my life. Yes, just like that. I don't need counselling or relaxation or time to adjust. I just want to be left alone. If there's one thing I haven't missed in the last twenty years, it's your smug, superior attitude. Now I have told you I want to be left alone and I meant it. So if you know what's good for you you'll stay the hell away from me. [Turbolift] Promenade. [Argrathi cell - memory] (It's years on and O'Brien has gone grey.) I've told you about her a hundred times. What more is there to say? Oh, yeah? Well, your drawing is bothering me. Since now. (O'Brien kicks the sand painting) Don't tell me what I need. Don't Miles me. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of this place, I'm sick of your drawings, and most of all I am sick of you! I don't want to be calm. I've had it with this place. I don't belong here. (His shouting starts up the other prisoners.) Do you hear me? I don't belong here. I didn't do anything wrong. I know you're listening. I don't belong here! Let me out of here! I don't do anything wrong and you know it! Discipline this! I wish people would stop asking me that. I'm sorry, Constable. Everything's fine. I've just had a tough day. [Quark's] A synthale please. Quark, what about that synthale? Quark. I'm in no mood for games, Quark, so why don't you give me my drink now or I'll break every bone in your worthless little body. Ee'char. What are you doing here? You're not real. You're just in my head. Go away. You are the last thing I need. I'm going to work. Don't be. I'm home, I'm working, and for the first time in as long as I can remember, I feel good. On my way. Look, I don't know why you're here. And I don't care. [Captain's office] That, sir? That was nothing. We had a little argument. Julian and I are always arguing. Did that little? Look, sir, I may have let things get a little bit out of hand, but it won't happen again. Sir, I've been a little busy lately You're right. I'll make an appointment to go see him tomorrow. I've a lot of work to do today, sir. Sir, you're blowing this all out of proportion. Please, Captain. I'm asking you as a personal favour to me, give me one more chance. Yes, sir. Not right, Commander. [Turbolift] (throwing down his comm. badge) Promenade. [Infirmary] What the hell did you say to him? I talked to him all right. He relieved me of duty. How do you know what's best for me? You have no idea what I've been going through. I never asked for your help. Don't you get it. You're not my friend. Not anymore. The O'Brien that was your friend died in that cell. Stay away from me. I don't want your help, I don't want your friendship. I just want to be left alone. [Promenade] I told you to go away. Like you did? Yeah. And look what happened to you. [Turbolift] (Ee'Char is left behind) Habitat ring. [Corridor] (Ee'char is waiting for him.) Like hell I will. (Ee'char is waiting round the corner.) You're dead. So why don't you go away and leave me alone. Walking, thinking. Try telling that to Julian. Not now, honey, okay? Look, can we talk about this later? Not now. I said not now, right! I said I didn't mean to. I'm sorry. [Cargo bay] (O'Brien takes his anger out on defenceless crates and barrels with a giant spanner until he notices wall unit 47 - Weapons locker. Authorised personnel only. He taps in the code, takes out one of the six hand phasers, winds the power level to the red and puts it under his chin.) Get out of here, Julian. The hell I don't. You don't understand at all. I'm not doing this for me. I'm doing this to protect Keiko, and Molly and everyone else on the station. From me. I'm not the man I used to be. I'm dangerous. I nearly hit Molly today. All she wanted was a little attention and I nearly hit her. You sound like Ee'Char. He's not real. He's just a memory, that's all. He was my cell mate. I was at the end. A week, two maybe. But the rest of the time there was Ee'char. It wasn't helping. It doesn't matter how much I concentrate. I'm still starving. You're sure there's nothing left? We ate the last of the food I put away a week ago. We should have stockpiled more. We should have planned for this. Maybe they've forgotten about us, or just decided to finally let us die. What are you doing? How can you sleep at a time like this? You're crazy. You pretended to be my friend and all the time you were holding out on me. You were saving it for both of us. Ee'char? Ee'char, wake up. Ee'char. Ee'char. [Cargo bay] And the worst part of it was, the next day the guards began feeding me again. I'd killed him for nothing, for a scrap of bread he was going to share with me. I meant it. I wanted him to die. I keep telling myself it doesn't matter. It wasn't real. But that's a lie. If it had been real, if it had been you instead of him, it wouldn't have made any difference. He was my best friend and I murdered him. When we were growing up, they used to tell us humanity had evolved, that mankind had outgrown hate and rage. But when it came down to it, when I had the chance to show that no matter what anyone did to me, I was still an evolved human being, I failed. I repaid kindness with blood. I was no better than an animal. You sure this'll work? You mean the guilt. Now's the part where you tell me I have to start seeing Counsellor Telnorri again. Telnorri'll be fine. Thanks, Julian. For everything. That's right, Daddy's home. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
(to camera) There were two Klingon ships. A bird of prey and an old battle cruiser. One would engage us while the other went after the convoy, then they'd switch, the first ship going after the Cardassians while the second ship came after us. (BOOM) Aye, sir. This went on for, I don't know, maybe five minutes. They'd come at us, try to draw us away from the Cardassians, we'd head back. Then the bird of prey came toward us off the port bow. (BOOM) We'd seen them do this cloak and run manoeuvre a few times, and Commander Worf thought he saw a pattern. I ran a quick sensor sweep and then I reported. I'm picking up a tachyon surge directly ahead. As soon as it exploded. I scanned for survivors, but there were none. I stand by his decision. No, sir. I've known Commander Worf for nine years. He's an honourable man. He would never intentionally fire on an unarmed ship. I completely support him. I wasn't in command. It's not my place to question his judgment. I don't know. Twenty two. I couldn't even guess. A hundred, hundred and fifty? I would have. Come about to one eight five mark two seven eight. Stand by quantum torpedoes, full spread. This isn't a fair question. It didn't really happen this way. I wasn't in command. No. But that's just my opinion now, after the fact. I wasn't in command that day. Things look a lot different when you're sitting in that chair. Commander, another ship's decloaking. It's an older battle cruiser. She's going after the convoy.
Still? Hey. Compliments of Doctor Bashir. No, that was my idea. Now, if you want to skip the drinking and get right down to the talking, I'm game. Julian swears there's nothing going on between him and Ezri. There's no reason for you to be jealous. Wrong. Treating Ezri like a stranger dishonours Jadzia's memory. I don't have an answer for you, Worf. Let me ask you this. How do you think Jadzia would wanted you to treat Ezri? Yes, there is. And the person who can tell you is the person you've been avoiding ever since she got here. [Garak's shop] (Garak is still sewing.) Since when did you take advice from anyone?
I think I know what happened to Commander Sisko and the others. The transporter beam was redirected as it passed through the polarised particles. Not where, when. According to our computer simulations, the degree of temporal displacement is directly proportional to the number of chroniton particles interacting with the transporter beam. Unfortunately, there's no way to know the exact concentration of particles at the time of the accident, but I've narrowed it down to ten possibilities, each one corresponding with a different time frame. One of them has to be right. We just hope we find the right one before we run out of chroniton particles. (Kira enters with a plaster over her nose and no earring) Just say you broke your nose. On the other hand, maybe you'd better say nothing. I'll do the talking. If this is where Commander Sisko and the others materialized, there should be a residual electrostatic charge. Judging from this vehicle, I'd say we were somewhere in the mid-twentieth century. I'm not reading any electrostatic variance or any distress signals. They're definitely not here. About thirty seconds. (A couple come out of a Speakeasy) Evening. I told you not to say anything. [Processing Centre - Lee's cubicle] I'm not picking up any residual electrostatic charge. I said I'm not picking up any residual electrostatic charge. They're not here! (The music stops, a girl and man get out of the VW. The girl gives Kira a flower.) Uh-oh. (Kira and O'Brien are beamed out) Well, we know one thing. They arrived before the year twenty forty eight. Because we were just there. And that wasn't the mid-twenty first century I read about in school. It's been changed. I mean, Earth history has been through its rough patches, but never that rough. According to my calculations, three. But we've only have enough chroniton particles for one more try. That's my best guess. I'm picking up a comm. badge distress signal. It's Dax. We can reactivate them tomorrow in time for the next beam out.
Can I help you? (Maihar'du gives Kira a small box.)
(sotto) Come in. Shh. Quiet. You'll wake him. He only dropped off about an hour ago. I didn't get much sleep. He woke up every hour or two. Every time I tried to put him back in his crib he started crying again. He misses his mother. I don't know. A week, maybe two. However long it takes to get that blight under control. On top of that, Annel had some kind of family emergency, so I'm stuck without a babysitter. Huh? You sure you're up to it? Kirayoshi doesn't have wings. I think he's worn himself out. He should sleep now. If he wakes up, give him one of his bottles. There's diapers in the bag over there. I'll be fine. I went through the same thing with Molly. It's just a phase. He'll grow out of it sooner or later. Gently now. (O'Brien passes baby over. Yoshi gurgles.) I'll check in with you at lunch. If you need me, I'm just a comm-line away. (Yoshi starts crying.) Give him to me. Shh. There, there, there. Shh, shh, shh. (Yoshi goes quiet.) He feels safe with me. Give me the bag. I'm taking him with me. What choice do I have? [Quark's] (Quark is rattling the chairs.) Come on, Yoshi. It may not seem fair forcing the good Doctor to throw from farther away, but he is genetically engineered. I haven't put Yoshi down for a week. If I can carry him at work, I can carry him here. You want to bet? Okay. You want me to put the baby down? Fine. I'll put the baby down. (He puts Yoshi down and he starts crying.) Happy? No, this is amazing. (O'Brien picks Yoshi up and he stops.) Yes. Now, if you'll excuse me, it's my throw. [Hagath's quarters] (Talura is giving Quark oo-mox.) Except that he cries constantly unless I'm holding him. What are you telling me, my baby's just sad? You sure it's not a rash? Yes, there is. My neck. Why, Quark? Why did you kill my baby? (Suddenly everyone is standing round a dabo loaded with money.) It's kind of hard to explain, sir. As soon as I took him down there with me, he fell asleep. Could be the pattern of the lights, the hum of the optronic emitters, the vibrations of the ODN relays, I'm not sure. But the point is, he's not crying. That won't be necessary, sir. I have the situation well in hand. Yes, sir. Sir? Could we wait till he wakes up before we move him? He only just dropped off. Yes, sir. Good afternoon, Commander. I'm sorry, sir. The Captain thought I could use a few days leave so I decided to take him up on it. Looking after a baby can be a full time job. Here, do me a favour. Just hold him for a minute. I have to get his bottle. He may cry for a bit, but it's okay, there's nothing wrong with him. Just be a minute. (Worf holds Yoshi while O'Brien goes into the bedroom. O'Brien comes out with a bottle.) The baby. He's not crying. He's not crying! (O'Brien takes Yoshi and gives Worf the bottle.) Here. (O'Brien puts Yoshi in the carry cot and sits down.)
We weren't supposed to talk about it. We're the first reconnaissance mission into Cardassian space since the Dominion's retreat. The first one to make it back, anyway. Three synthales.
Major, upper pylon three'll be shut down for maintenance for forty-eight hours. Confirmed, sir. They've crossed into Bajoran space. Channel open. No reply from the Cardassians. The Bajoran vessel is hailing us. We can only get audio, Commander. Aye, sir. (KaBOOM, and a crouching figure is beamed in) Commander, the Cardassians are hailing us. They're hopping mad. Understood. (Sisko and Kira get onto the lift) Sir, the Cardassian warship has docked. Lieutenant Dax is making sure that all procedural details are precisely observed, no matter how long it takes. Sir, I don't know much about the Bajoran terrorists, but you've never fought the Cardassians, have you? Well, you just wouldn't want to turn a man, any man over to their tender care, sir. You just wouldn't. Subspace transmission from Admiral Rollman for you, Commander. Once the switch with the Klingons is made, you've got them holding the components to an explosive device. That's enough evidence right there. Aye, sir. Dead quiet. [Runabout Yangtzee Kiang] (Tahna is plugging in his device) The Klingons have powered up their transporters. Bird of Prey is moving off and cloaking. Intercept in one minute, twelve seconds. [Ops] The Yangtzee's sensors should be picking us up now, sir. [Runabout Yangtzee Kiang] They've gone to warp. If that device goes off while they're at warp, they'll spread radiation across half the system. That's about a minute too late, Commander. Not at these speeds. They have twenty seven seconds on us. We may have to shoot them down, Commander. Aye, sir. [Runabout Yangtzee Kiang] My God, they're going into the wormhole. At full impulse. [Runabout Yangtzee Kiang] (WHOOSH> Kira and Tahna fight as they travel through the conduit. They're safely through to the other side of the wormhole before he manages to launch the bomb, and it does no damage. Ganges comes out of the wormhole to join them.)
Something's wrong. Kira said this would only take about an hour. She's not going to relax until Shakaar gets here. I called him almost six hours ago. It takes half that time to make the trip from Bajor. I wonder why. Absolutely. A little? They've never been this bad. You can't go standing around for an hour. I'm almost done. You got to do it harder. And you've to work up the legs. I can't see from here. It's my baby. What are you talking about? She's been living in my home for the last five months. Look, I missed Molly's birth, I am not going to miss this one. Fine, tell him to let me to Kira. You're joking. Nice going. After you. Please. He's beautiful. [Promenade] (Anxious father Odo is pacing)
What gives them the right to mess up our station? Commander, two assault vessels are headed this way on a direct course from Bajor. They've given all non-Bajorans seven hours to evacuate. And now, the conclusion. [Ops] You'll need someone to oversee the inventory process, sir. Is that everything? Keiko, please, don't go like this. I don't have any choice. He needs me. We can't just let the Cardies have the wormhole. On a ride, sweetheart Soon, baby. I'll come as soon as I can. I'll walk you to the airlock. [Ops] That's everyone. Eat hearty. The replicators crash in sixteen minutes. This'll have to last awhile. You don't like combat rations? Miracle of science, these little combat rations. Timed release formula of all the nutrients the body needs for three days. I love 'em. Only thing I miss about the Cardassian front. Well, I would have expected you of all people to appreciate the nutritional value of combat rations. [Conduit 2] Maybe we should send him with a little more experience. Someone who can run the show, like Li. Come on. Get down. (They return fire) O'Brien to Sisko. They've got us pinned down in here. Now! (They run down the Promenade, chased by two troopers. Odo morphs into a trip wire and our pair get away.) [Raider cockpit] It's a good idea. Kind of thing I might've come up with. We've got to get out of here, and soon. If they didn't make it, we're all fighting for a lost cause here. Aye, sir. Commander! (Li leaps at Day and gets shot. Odo removes Day.) Sir, can I ask you something? About Li Nalas. Listening to Kira talk about all he was, all he did, all he was going to do, she makes him sound like he was larger than life. like he was some kind of military genius. But the Li Nalas I Yes, sir. Excuse me, sir. [Promenade]
Almost done, Commander. We've sealed all the airlocks on levels twenty one, twenty two and twenty three, but we still have to check the outer bulkheads to make sure there hasn't been any crystallisation [Ops] O'Brien out. (Round a corner) Hear what? Quark. (Quark is sitting cross-legged in an attitude of meditation or prayer) As a matter of fact, I have two. Sure, when I joined Starfleet. I suppose so. O'Brien here. I'll have to release the emergency seal on the airlock before they can board the station. On my way. [Airlock] Stand clear. (Smoke, and a woman comes out) Are you all right? Is anyone hurt? What the hell do you think you're doing? This is a nice way to showing your gratitude. We just saved your lives out there. Listen, friend, in case you haven't heard the Federation and the Klingon Empire are allies now. You're a Trill. They've got Odo in there. It's my fault, Commander. They caught us by surprise. Somehow they must have neutralised the security systems in the docking ring. I'm not sure, but I've got a pretty good idea. We ran across Quark in an airlock a little while ago. That still doesn't give us much time What is it? Hold on. Thank you.
Afraid so. I know, but I can't stay away. It's like the river calls to me. Ow! Much better. Right. Thanks, Julian. Have a good time on Casperia. Whatever you say. Internal Affairs. They're not saying. I just wanted to make sure you were all right. Wouldn't surprise me. Has Sloan questioned you yet? How'd it go? Believe me, it's not fine. He grilled me for over two hours. About you. I only wish I were. Every single question was about you. Look, I'd better go before they trace this transmission. I just wanted to warn you to watch your back. Just be careful. I think they're (Transmission ends, doorbell rings.) Of course it's all right. So? It's better now.
Come on. Santa Anna didn't care about the rules of war. If he'd executed Davy Crockett at the Alamo he would have considered it a point of pride. I'm not saying it couldn't have happened. I'm just saying there's no proof. I guess so. [Worf's quarters]
Who's he? Good of him to come. (Odo enters in a plain blue robe and goes to Jeyal.) Odo, congratulations. I'm picking up concentrated traces of some sort of psionic energy on the bulkhead. I'll tell Odo to have his search parties reconfigure their tricorders to scan for psionic energy.
Yeah, but who cares? He tells it well.
This is where Quark said he found the boy. It seems to be some kind of stasis chamber that was damaged in the crash. It seems to indicate this was some kind of freighter or transport vessel. No, not yet. Most of it's just junk. Twisted bulkheads, burnt deck plating, that sort of thing. We should have a full inventory done by tomorrow morning. That's right. Tonight's the big dinner with Mardah. Well, Jake mentioned it this morning. In fact, I'd say it's the only thing on his mind. Well, I guess it's only natural. Bringing a girl home for the first time's a pretty traumatic experience. Why did you invite her over, if you don't mind my asking. What if it turns out you like her? Sixteen years old and dating a dabo girl. Godspeed, Jake. [Corridor] (Kira is carrying a large, rustling plant. She rings a doorbell. Odo comes out and closes the door behind him.) It's over here. This is it. We tried to run an analysis of it, but the computer couldn't make heads or tails of it. Do you really think this is the drug the boy's addicted to? I still don't understand why they would engineer someone to be addicted to a certain chemical. Seems a pretty cold-blooded thing to do. I think we can get the upper sensor grid back online by morning. I thought you were going to lower the boom on the two of them. Oh. Got to know her a little better? Decided you liked her after all? No.
Go ahead, sir. I'll see if we can get more power to the structural integrity field. [Bridge] The primary ODN lines have overloaded, Captain. It'll be a few minutes. [Bridge] Muniz, you go. O'Brien, here. Two. [Bridge] Well, we'd have to pull the imaging systems out to make room in the casings, but I don't see [Bridge] You okay? The Captain's gotten us out of tougher spots than this. Last year, when the Romulans tried to invade the Founder's homeworld, we went up against a dozen Jem'Hadar ships Oh, yeah? Well unless you want to hear it again, you'd better get down to the torpedo bay and start working on those probes. Janklow, I'm going to need a dualitic inverter. There's one in the cargo bay. O'Brien to Bridge. (nothing) Try the com-panel. Save your breath. I don't think there's anybody left alive up there. [Bridge] (In near dark, apart from spluttering cables) Commander, am I glad to see you. We're trying to route command functions to these consoles. Let's get to work. [Bridge] Torpedoes. I'm modulating the deflectors. It might confuse their guidance systems. (One near miss.) It looks like the torpedo hit somewhere in here. But we'll have to think of something. Can I have a word with you, sir? With all due respect, I think you're riding the men a bit hard. You have to understand, they're out of their element. They're not bridge officers, they haven't been to Starfleet Academy. They're engineers. They're used to being given a problem to solve, then going out and figuring out how to do it. Give them a little slack. Ease up on the reins. Let them do what they're good at, and give them a little encouragement now and then. Don't count on it. [Bridge] Nothing within scanning range, sir. I've got something, sir. It's the Jem'Hadar. They've locked onto the tetryon pulse. What do you say we find the Karemma and get out of here? Defiant log, supplemental. Damage control teams are repairing the ship's systems and medics are tending to injured crewmembers. We have located the Karemma ship deep in the atmosphere and are moving to assist. It appears that it will have to be abandoned and its crew brought back to Deep Space Nine until transportation can be arranged to the Karemma homeworld. [Mess hall] (During the above, Bashir and Dax are rescued, Sisko gets professional treatment on the Bridge, and Muniz enters to see -) Oh, you can do it in twelve. See? You can give them a little of slack, but you can't take your hands off the reins. [Captain's office]
I didn't expect to see you here, Mister Worf. The Captain sponsored Nog's application to the Academy. Oh, I don't know about that. Not so long ago someone might have said the same thing about you. It's a going-away present. It's not just a guidebook. It's a completely interactive program detailing Earth's customs, culture, history, geography. Well, almost everything. Good luck, Nog.
Target locked. It's a large Dominion fleet. Twelve hundred and fifty four ships. I have a feeling we're going to miss having them. Cannon to the right of them, cannon to the left of them, cannon in front of them, volley'd and thunder'd. Steady, Ensign. It's just a poem. (Here's the full text, if you need it.) Stop worrying about those ships. Focus on your work. That's what I do. They're not taking the bait. Captain, two squadrons of Cardassian attack ships are breaking formation. They're going after our fighters. They're jamming our signals by generating a rotating EM pulse. I'm trying. [Captain's office] Comm's back online. The cloaking system's fried. Captain, the Klingons have broken a hole in the Dominion lines. That's cutting it close. [Conduit junction] What the hell. We're only going to meet a couple of thousand Dominion ships. You don't want to know. [Ops] Phaser banks fully charged. Torpedoes ready. Targets locked. They've cloaked. Sir, the Dominion forces are leaving the station. Quark, are the holosuites still working? Julian, did you hear that?
Computer, intruder in Ops. Activate a level three containment field. Security team to Ops. Acknowledged. I can't establish a lock, Major. They must have some kind of deflectors we haven't seen before. I already started retrofitting their weapons systems. They should be ready in a few hours. Go ahead, Captain. Having trouble getting her out of orbit? Don't worry, son. That's exactly what we're going to do. [Containment area] (Quark is still working on Eris' collar.) Captain, this is the Rio Grande. Half the systems on this ship are disabled. I'm going to have to break formation. Captain, I'd like to see if I can get close enough to the planet to locate Commander Sisko. Their communications array must've been hit. We were retreating. There was no need for a suicide run. I'm picking up a transporter signature but I can't trace it. She didn't rematerialise anywhere on the station. There are no ships nearby.
Help yourself. I wouldn't take it personally, Worf. Yeah, sort of earthy, peaty aroma. Trust me. Next time you see him, just sniff the air and go 'is that lilac?' I'm picking up a massive surge in chronoton radiation around (Consoles flicker, the picture goes overexposed in gold then back to normal) Sensors are coming back online. We're decloaking! I'm picking up another ship dead ahead. I think I've got it. (The static clears to reveal a starship with registration number NCC1701, no **** A B C or D) Any idea why he brought us back to this point in time? So he could be on the Enterprise or the station. (Engineering red, of course) Looks good on you, sir. Don't you know anything about this period in time? The original Enterprise used an old-style duotronic sensor array. If we wait for just the right point in the scan cycle, we can decloak the Defiant for almost three seconds without being detected. Barely. And work our way forward. We're coming up on a bandshift in the scan cycle. Deck twenty one. Deck twenty one. I said, Deck twenty one. What's wrong with this thing? Maybe it's jammed. Help me get this wall panel off. (A crewwoman enters and turns one of the wall handles) I'm afraid to touch anything. It's all cross-circuited and patched together. I can't make heads nor tails of it. Keep the scan field below twenty milliwatts, otherwise you'll set off the internal sensors. Oh, you were going to do this? Well obviously the first thing we should do is to take this transtator here, and (The lights go down) And leave it exactly it is. Oh, I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't mention this to anyone. We'll be ready, Major. O'Brien out. Deck ten. He's always doing that. Welcome aboard. You realise, of course, she just using you to get to me. Funny. It's a common enough name. Do you realise the odds? You're being ridiculous. Are we ever. I can try. You're right. Why bother searching thirty decks, when you can just plonk yourself down at a bar and wait for Darvin to come to you. Ah, yes. The raktajino. My God, that's him. Kirk. On the left, in the gold, just sitting down. Let's buy him a drink. He's right. We can't risk altering the timeline. What happened? Some kind genetic engineering? Look at the way Kirk is ignoring that Klingon. He's letting the security officer handle it. Absolutely. I don't know, sir. Me. Of all the people in the lineup, he asks me who threw the first punch. I lied to Captain Kirk. I wish Keiko could have been here to see it. (Bashir steps on something that squeaks.) He's not alone. (The tribble infestation has already begun) [Transporter bay] (Odo, Worf, and old Darvin are beamed in.) I'm not sure we can get to K-Seven's internal sensors. [Enterprise corridor] There must be thousands of them by now.
Ezri? What are you doing here? Neither were you. I found her. She's dead. (After the break, drinks are served by the butler who then leaves.) Thanks. The DNA scan confirmed that the body was Morica's. She'd been dead at least six weeks. The cause of death was the Orion Syndicate. Oh yeah. She accidently hit herself in the head and accidently threw herself in the river, huh? If they're anything like this, yes. And if you hadn't interfered, I might have proved she was murdered. They were just trying to scare me. Exactly! Why were they trying to scare me? Because I had found the body of Morica Bilby and they didn't want me to trace the murder back to them. They may not be as loyal as you think. Thanks. [Tigan living room] (Clean clothes and finishing a meal.) So that tip led me to the river. I searched the south bank for about three hours before I found her. The organic solvents in the water had partially decomposed the body, but it was her. Maybe you could put in a good word for me with Captain Sisko. Fine, thank you. I've eaten enough for a week. That's right. Actually, I feel fine It's all right. It'll be good to get my hands on a problem I can solve for a change. Lead on. [Norvo's bedroom] (The place is a wreck, with slashed canvases and overturned sculptures. The artist is sprawled across his bed.) You're right. The problem's definitely in the secondary input transtator. I'm sure it does, but it's the wrong transtator for this drill. You need a fifty two J, this is a fifty two L. I know. But it's definitely an L. It must've been accidently mislabeled. How did you know that? That's me. I don't believe I caught your name. Glad to do it. (O'Brien leaves.) Probably. It really depends on Ezri. Well, she's my superior officer. I go when she goes. Besides, I'm not looking forward to seeing Captain Sisko. He has a boot with my name on it. Your brother seems eager to get rid of us. Do you know a man named Thadial Bokar? Says he's a commodities broker. Well, he came to the mine to talk with Janel while I was working on the drill. There was something about him reminded me of when I was working undercover with the Orion Syndicate. You know, something about the way they dealt with civilians. It's just a feeling. A pretty strong feeling. I think Janel already knows. I know I'm not offering you any hard evidence here, Lieutenant, but your brother seems like a man who's being pressured by the Syndicate. He's experiencing sudden equipment breakdowns, work stoppages, mysterious accidents. That's the way the Syndicate extorts money from legitimate companies. 'Do business with us or we'll ruin you.' Well, there's one way to find out. Do you have access to the company's financial records? [Tigan mines] I don't know. What's going on here? Did you come here to find me or to prevent me finding out the truth? The connection between the Orion Syndicate and your family is Morica Bilby. She was on the company's payroll when she died. Did you know about this? Someone in your family did, and since they didn't mention it they obviously don't want us to know. I'm not suggesting anything, but you have to face the possibility that somebody in your family may have been involved in her death. (After the break.) There. Nine months ago, Morica Bilby shows up on the payroll as a shipping consultant. Whatever it was, she must have been good at the job. Look here. Her salary increases to ten bars a week, then twenty, then thirty. The day before she was killed. Who's in charge of the payroll? Lieutenant, we have to show this to the authorities on New Sydney. Yes, sir. [Tigan living room] Mind if I join you? When'd you get back? I wish I could say I'm sorry, but considering what he did he got off easy. You can't blame yourself. You're not responsible for that.
I never thought I'd miss Starfleet field rations. Give me some freeze-dried peaches, or some powdered carrots, anything so long as it isn't moving. Till all hours of the night.
I'm telling you. If you don't upgrade the thorium containment cells, there's going to be an accident and I'm not going to be responsible for the consequences. Yeah? You and me? What am I, some kind of doctor too? Me? Go on. Chief of operations. I know some things. What else is he like, this Chief of Operations. Sounds like he got the lucky draw between me and him. Me? Yeah, some. Why? I wouldn't call myself an expert, but I know as much as any Terran. Enough for what? What? You're filling me up with this stuff just to get me to help you, is that it? I don't know you. I'm not your friend. I'm not your friend. (Odo enters) Look, if I don't finish here You wanted to see me, Mister Sisko? It's Miles, Mister Sisko. Just fine. What do you need? Not really, Mister Sisko. I've got a serious problem in ore processing that's got to be fixed or I don't see you. You're not here. I'm just trying to seal this thorium leak. I am a decent man. I just, I just. You don't understand. I can't help you. I can't. They'll kill me. That's not the right way. Just tell me one thing. Is there any room over there on your side for me? I've no reason to stay here. Do you want an answer, Intendant? This man. This man is a doctor where he comes from. And there's an O'Brien there just like me, except he's some kind of high up Chief of Operations. They're Terrans. Can you believe that? Maybe it's a fairy tale he made up, but it made me start thinking how each of us might have turned out if history had been just a little different. I wanted him to take me with him because whatever it's like where he's from, it's got to be better than this. There's got to be something better than this. (Sisko has been listening carefully) I might have something to stay for now, if you have room on your ship for me, Mister Sisko. Reading elevated neutrinos. Something's coming through the wormhole. I can't believe it. It's them!
We're not talking about a movie. We can transfer your matrix to the Alamo programme. Maybe there's a pointer fault in the holosuite's parameter file. Let me handle this. Computer. Delete characters Frankie Eyes and I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. And Cicci from the holosuite's programme. (Nothing happens.) Computer, freeze programme. There must be a little problem in the character deletion algorithm. (Cicci takes Vic by the lapels.) Well, we could shut it down manually and reset it. But that would wipe Vic's memory. He'd forget everything that's happened since we first activated him. I wish I knew what it was. In the meantime, you stay out of the way of Frankie Eyes. Don't you like Vic? A jack in the box. It's a children's toy on Earth. You wind it up and a figure jumps out and goes Boo! It's meant to shake things up, you know? Make things interesting. In other words, if we shoot him, we have to use a forty five automatic and not a phaser. The mob could retaliate against Vic. Right away, sir. (Sisko leaves.) It's Miles and Julian. So, you going to tell us what happened? And knocked over this furniture looking for a bandage, right? What is it with you and Frankie? That Felix, huh. When he designs a holosuite programme, he doesn't fool around. It's not the same thing. How to get rid of Frankie Eyes. Checking up on Frankie. We need to find his weak spot. What would happen to Frankie if he didn't give Zeemo his skim? That depends on what you're thinking. That's what I was thinking. Then the trick is not to get caught. Then we're agreed? Vic, you want your lounge back or not? Better get this out of sight. (The blackboard with the plan of the casino on it goes onto the balcony.) Otherwise the whole plan falls apart. (Nog opens the door.) Robbing casinos isn't part of any Starfleet job description I've ever read. That was fast. Who, me? I did no such thing. And you're drunk, What money? I told you, I never touched your money. How come I've only got five bucks on me? I'm telling you. This broad ain't playing with a full deck. What do you think it means? Can I go now? Strip search? (O'Brien is led away as Odo and Nog come out of the countroom. Kasidy bursts into tears in the guard's arms to stop him turning around and seeing them.) I don't want to talk about it. (They all raise their glasses.) Cheers.
I'm sorry, Rom. That cloaking device of yours is now the property of the Terran Resistance Forces. Give it a rest, Julian. You have to forgive him. He's had a rough go of it lately. He lost a close friend in a skirmish with Alliance troops. It wouldn't be pretty. She's right. You have to believe in something before you can betray it. We're fighting for our freedom here, for our very lives. All you care about is money? You're forgetting something, Julian. The Alliance didn't get the cloaking device, we did. And that gives us the edge. And we have these gentlemen to thank for it. I don't think their Captain Sisko would be too pleased to know they were over here interfering in our affairs. I thought as much. I say we send them back to where they belong. Let Sisko deal with them. The way I see it, you've got two choices. You can either head back to where you came from or you can head for Alliance territory and try to rescue your friend without the cloaking device. You have till morning to decide. Something's wrong. We should have caught that Ferengi ship long ago. For all we know, the Regent may already have the cloaking device. In fact, he might have us in his sights right now and we wouldn't even know it. I hope you're right. [Klingon Bridge] (With the Defiant on the viewscreen.) Why not? Then what do you say we give the Regent a proper greeting? That's a nice ship you have, Regent. I'd hate to see it destroyed. Oh, a simple unconditional surrender should do the trick. Prepare to be boarded. (Transmission ends. The Intendant sneaks off the bridge.)
How you feeling? I know. I heard you pacing all night. Don't be. I would've gotten up and kept you company, but I figured you wanted to be alone. You're safer on the station. Right now you're needed here, protecting someone else.
There, you see. Your public has spoken. The Battle of Clontarf. You and me and a thousand stalwart Irish warriors against a ravening hoard of Vikings. It's like the Battle of Britain, only with swords. I am a direct descendant of King Brian Boru. Besides, it's my programme. I know it's a cyst. But it's getting bigger. I'm perfectly healthy except I've got a disgusting cyst on the back of my neck. Now either I paint a nose, eyes and mouth on it and pretend I've got two heads, or you take it off. Julian, get it off of me! Julian, I'm waiting. A union, huh? Good for you. Who do you think led the Pennsylvania coal miners during the anthracite strike of nineteen oh two? Sean Aloysius O'Brien. There're lots of things about my family that you don't know. Eleven months those mines were closed, and they didn't open again until all the miners' demands were met. Quark reasonable? Ha! Unlikely. You'll have to strike, mark my words. And when you do, you'll have to be strong. Exactly. You know, he had the biggest funeral in all of western Pennsylvania. They fished his body out of the Allegheny river a week before the strike ended. Thirty two bullets he had in him. Or was it thirty four? He was more than a hero. He was a union man. [Ops] (O'Brien is under a console.) I see the problem now. You've got a bad ODN relay here. We'll have to replace the whole unit. Two or three hours. But after that, it'll work like a charm. That's the problem when you combine Cardassian, Bajoran and Federation technology. None of it was meant to work together. It's a lot easier than working on the Enterprise. Tell me about it. Have you have any idea how bored I used to get sitting in the Transporter room waiting for something to break down? Here, I've a half dozen new problems every day. This station needs me. Oh, do me a favour. Hand me the coil spanner. [Promenade] With their sense of ethics? Definitely on the side of labour. Pass. (The Vulcan crewwoman passes by.) Lucky guess. (Along comes Worf) Pass. He barely set foot in the place when there wasn't a strike. Not for long. To talk some sense into him. Commander! Hold on! [Holding area] With all due respect, sir. We weren't brawling. He shouldn't have got in the way. We were I suppose towards the end there, we might have done a bit of shoving. Captain? Can we leave now? Sure. What's on your mind? I think there was plenty of blame to spread around. It wasn't much of a brawl, really. I grabbed you, you shoved me, and Julian was tossed over a table. You'll get used to it. You're going to live on the Defiant? And he said yes? But you'll be living out there all by yourself.
Hello, Doctor. Yeah. Just finished. I missed playing and I figured there'd be at least a couple of other players on board. I didn't think you'd be one of them. BASHIR Captain of the team at Starfleet Medical Academy. We took the sector championships in my final year. Against other medical students? And you won? Well, I can't say I've had much in the way of formal training myself, but it's been a serious pastime for a lot of years. Really. Serve. I can play any style you like. Serve! (Thump, bounce, bounce, bounce off the walls and O'Brien doesn't even see the ball) Medical school. Captain of the team at Medical school. Bashir. No, he had a game. I just kind of stumbled around the court for ninety minutes and made a complete ass of myself. The hell he didn't. That smug look on his face. I guess you prefer old style rules. Like I was some kind of a fossil. In my day, I could've wiped the court with him. Like molasses in winter, huh? Thanks. I'm out of shape, that's all. I just need to get my wind back. Sector Champion, my eye. He's vulnerable to every one of my best shots. I just couldn't get them there. This time. [Replimat] You think I'm stupid, too? I don't need your charity. Next time, you either play your best game or you don't play. [Promenade] What happened? I slipped on the ball? I'm fine. Serve. I'll get you next time, okay? Where is everybody? I fell down. Playing racquetball with Bashir. On the court, where do you think? Who cares? I've got no problems a good drop shot wouldn't cure. Only by half a step, that's all. He's got a few years on me. So what. I've got more experience. I've got spin shots he's never even seen So I had some bad breaks. One more game. That's all I needed. I'd've kicked him all over the court. Thanks. What's this all about? I got an emergency call. Get down here! Orphans? (O'Brien gives a wan smile to the Monks) Forget it, Quark. You can beat his backhand. Keep the ball low and to his left. Corner return on the serve, then kill shot left. If he returns again, high back wall And remember Have a good game, Julian. Quark. I'm cutting the transmission. Watch me. Something's wrong here. The best I've played my entire life. I'm making shots I couldn't have made fifteen years ago when I was playing five hours a day, every day. I can't miss. Try throwing the ball against the wall. (The ball returns to O'Brien) O'Brien to Ops. (Later, we hear five bounces then the ball arrives in O'Brien's open, still, hand) I must have done it a dozen times by now. And I haven't missed once yet. Improbable? How can we find out what's causing it?
Oh, and don't forget Kirayoshi has his checkup at oh nine hundred tomorrow. And don't stay up too late writing that paper on, what those trees are called? Yeah, well, try to get some sleep. Oh, and Right. Molly. Please don't touch that. (Molly is about to play with the Alamo model soldiers.) Yeah, but you see, this isn't a toy. This is a model. I suppose I could give it to Julian. No, not yet. What's that supposed to mean? Of course we are. Daddy's going to teach at the Academy, when the war's over. I'll tell him, you know, when I think he's ready to hear it. [Sisko's quarters] (Sisko puts a cold towel on Kasidy's forehead.) Sounds good to me. Sounds like the Doppler compensators are out of phase. I'm on it. O'Brien to Engineering. Recalibrate the inertial dampers and check the plasma flow regulators while you're at it. You'd think someone would have come up with a better inertial control system. I said I wish you'd wipe that grin off your face. You're not the first person to fall in love, you know. I am happy for you. O'Brien to Engineering. Now try re-aligning the induction coils. Julian, there's something I need to talk to you about. How did you know? Actually, we've been talking about it for quite a while. Right. I'll try to compensate with the impulse response filters. I wasn't talking about the Alamo model. Besides, it's too big for your quarters. Oh, it's nothing that can't wait. Is that any better, Nog? Stay with him. Just fix the shoulder. (BOOM) Careful! You'd do anything to beat me at darts. I'm going to miss our games, Julian. (BOOM) I'm leaving DS Nine, Julian. I'm moving back to Earth. I've been offered a position at Starfleet Academy. Professor of Engineering. When the war's over. Somebody has to teach you officers the difference between a warp matrix flux capacitor and a self sealing stembolt. I'm kind of busy right now. Look, Julian. Yes, sir. No. Keiko and I are still mulling over a few possibilities. I don't think that's on our list. Yeah. Too many. Listen, Julian, I know Earth isn't exactly around the corner, but I still expect you to visit. Yeah, you and me taking a little trip to Texas. The real Alamo. You see? It's going to be great. Hear, hear.
There's not even enough juice left in the ship to release the servos. We need to get power to the hatch servos. Major, hand me the EPI capacitor. There, middle shelf. (He plugs in the unit and power is transferred) Try her now. [Runabout Ganges] Vash? Miles O'Brien, from the Enterprise. What are you doing on the Ganges? Two years? How did you get to the Gamma Quadrant two years ago? Oh. (An engineer in the background turns round. Q!) [Infirmary] I don't understand it, Commander. I can't find anything wrong with her. This ship is completely functional. Oh, don't get me wrong. The power reserves are empty, the inertial damping fields are barely operational, and the warp drive containment field's on the verge of collapse. But there's nothing wrong with any of them. Once we put power back into her, she should be fully operational. Yes, sir. I ran a level one diagnostic. Everything checks out. I can't explain it. It's like something tapped into the ship's systems and drained them dry. [Airlock] Hardly at all. I only met her that one time she was aboard the Enterprise. Well Sir, Vash and Captain Picard were friends. Close friends, if you follow my meaning. Seems they met on Risa a few years back. [Corridor] I think she must be a special woman, being friends with the Captain and all. The Captain likes a good challenge, sir. (The lights go down and come up again) [Ops] I'll have to replace the whole unit. I am detecting a low level graviton disturbance. How did you know? These were originally Cardassian living quarters. The bed may take some getting use to. You've obviously never slept on a Cardassian mattress. If you need anything, just ask the computer. The Captain? The last time I saw him he was fine. Bloody hell. [Ops] We've got a problem. sir. I just saw Q on the Promenade. Blasted menace, is what he is. You might ask Vash. They know each other. I believe they actually met in Sherwood Forest. It was one of the little jokes Q played on the Enterprise crew. (The lights dim again, for longer) I've double-checked every system. For the first time in a month, there's nothing wrong with any of them. It's got to be Q. Another one of his stupid jokes. Damn it, Q. Enough is enough. (Bump and papers start flying) Shields up. I'm getting reports of hull fractures throughout the station. Emergency systems appear to be functioning. Repair crews are responding. [Corridor] (Dax is checking a man-sized hole) Sir, we'll never find the source of the power drain using these bloody Cardassian internal sensors. They're just not sensitive enough. Tridium? Isn't that pretty toxic. Why don't you do something constructive for a change? Like torment the Cardassians. O'Brien. From the Enterprise. If the graviton field is feeding off the station's power, maybe we can cut its supply by shutting down the reactors. Tridium levels throughout the station have reached one part per million. We can rule out the docking ring. Let me see if I can get a more precise reading. It's not clear enough. I can't pinpoint an exact location. Sir, there's not enough power left to make any difference. If we get sucked into that wormhole, we'll be in a billion pieces by the time we reach the Gamma Quadrant. [Quark's] It might work, but in four years we'll all be dead from tridium poisoning. The reactors? But they'll just feed more energy to the graviton field. Aye, sir. [Quark's]
Yes, sir. Welcome aboard. Well, let's get to work. I was just about to run a diagnostic on the primary system core. Okay, one more time. These are all isolinear rods. The ones with the white labels contain data relating to the engineering system controls, the red labelled ones are for library and information storage, and the blue ones are? Give yourself some time. I didn't get a handle on this stuff until almost a year after I joined Starfleet. I mean, it's not like you're going off to the Academy tomorrow, is it? (Jake sighs) What's wrong? You want to go, don't you? Does your father know? I know how you feel. You know what my father wanted me to be? A musician. It's true. I was supposed to be a cello player. He made me practice every day. I got to be pretty good, and when I was seventeen, he sent a recorded audition to the Aldebaran Music Academy. I got in. It was the happiest day of his life. I didn't know how to tell him I didn't want to go, so two days before I was due to leave, I went into town and signed up for Starfleet. Oh, he was furious. But once he calmed down a little, he saw how much I wanted to join. Nowadays, when I go home, he introduces me as 'my son, Senior Chief Specialist Miles Edward O'Brien'. The point is, you've got to live your own life. Your dad's not a bad guy. He'll come round. Just give him some time. [Promenade] (Coming out of the shrine)
Sir, I'm picking up traces of tachyon energy. With a Dominion signature. Afraid not. The signal's already dissipated. There was a homing transponder, all right. It was wrapped in this.
Major, I'm the last one to say it's hopeless, but given DS Nine's structural limitations, our available power supply, and the difficulty of defending a stationary target against a heavily armed mobile force, I'd say two hours is optimistic. Three hundred metres? That's almost inside our shield perimeter. A Federation ship with a cloaking device? What sort of design flaws? Tactical and Communications are ready, sir. Just a moment, sir. There's someone in the airlock. It's Odo. Odo's aboard, sir. The airlock's clear. Commander, long range scanners have picked up two Jem'Hadar warships directly ahead. They're heading this way at warp five. One hundred thousand kilometres. Here they come. They'll pass us in five seconds. They're continuing on their original heading no indication that they saw us. Wait a minute. They're changing course, heading this way. I've never heard of that. Commander, they're sweeping the area with some kind of anti-proton scan and they're being very thorough about it. That's a good question. Commander, the Defiant's power signature is unusually high for a ship this size. The cloaking device may not be masking everything. I'm into the main directory. Yes, it was. A bit too fast if you ask me. No, I still have access to everything. That's fine with me. [Bridge] (The coffee is horrible.) From the way I read this, sir, it looks like eighty percent of outgoing traffic is sent to one location. It's my guess it's either another relay station or a command centre.
The Xhosa's altering course, Commander. Now on heading one five eight, mark three two five. Aye, sir. (A little later the Xhosa goes into the plasma storms of the Badlands.) Say what you will about the Maquis, they're not stupid. Using the Badlands as their base of operations was a pretty smart move. Not to mention gutsy one. They're just fighting for something they believe in. What for? Defending their homes? Look at what's happened to those people. One day they're trying to eke out a living on some godforsaken colonies on the Cardassian border, the next day the Federation makes a treaty handing those colonies over to the Cardassians. What would you do? I wouldn't say that around Major Kira if I were you. How about you, Commander? How do you feel about the Maquis? Oh, but you must have an opinion. I think I've got something. An impulse signature off the starboard bow. Aye, sir. (The Xhosa has met another vessel.) That's a Maquis raider. From the residual transporter signature, it was approximately eighty percent organic. I'd say food or possibly medical supplies. They're reducing speed. They're turning again. Looks like a holding pattern to me, sir. Either the Maquis are late or the Xhosa's early. We've cleared the plasma field, Captain. Aye, sir. All Federation Starships near the Badlands have been alerted to look for the Vulcan freighter. Incoming message for you, Captain. It's from Commander Eddington.
Hey, Muniz. What do you think of this? How many times do I have to tell you to stop calling me sir. I'm not an officer. I wouldn't go that far. But I know more than you. So listen to me while I try to teach you something. This morphology is not exactly the same. These deposits are more highly eroded. So, they're different, that's all. I just thought I'd point that out to you. Me, out of breath? I was climbing mountains in Ireland before you were born. You know something, Muniz? You're due for a transfer. How does waste extraction sound? [Base camp] Fine, sir. We finished the survey of the south slope. (on the top of the wreck) Captain. I think we have an access point. So my young friend, what do you think we're looking at? An airlock? A maintenance hatch? There's hope for you yet, Muniz. I think so. (A ramp swings open.) Sounds like inertial damper failure. The ship accelerated and people were thrown into the bulkheads. Nobody was alive when this ship hit the planet, yet it survived the impact. Whoever designed this baby knew what they were doing. No EPS conduits, no microfusion initiators. No power converters, at least none that I can find. I can't even determine if it has a warp drive. We're not going to haul it out with a runabout. It's embedded about ninety metres into the rock. If I can shake it loose by firing the main thrusters, hauling it out of here'll be a lot easier. Well, to fire the main thrusters, I need to calibrate the plasma injectors. So far, I can't get a grip the ion regulator. Maybe we won't send you to waste extraction after all, Muniz. Can you walk? I'll take care of that. Transporter burn. I'm all right, Captain. Always kissing up to the officers, aren't you, Muniz? I have to get to the wound. Don't worry, when we get back, we'll have Garak make you a new one. Two and a half days. I feel better already. (Later. Dax enters with a battery pack for O'Brien.) I'll take it from here, Commander. Quique, do me a favour. Please, stop bleeding before I run out of clothes. (O'Brien is using his sleeves as bandages.) Not right away. I'm still trying to get the main power grid online. (Clunk.) That wasn't here before. Positive. Whatever it is, it doesn't look too friendly. (The Jem'Hadar attacks them.) [Crash site] I knew it. You've been goldbricking all along. Whatever this sensor was supposed to do, it did it and then shut down. It's not that bad. What makes you say that? Now you listen to me, Quique. You're not dying unless I say you're dying. And I say you're going to make it. You watch it or I'll tighten this bandage like a tourniquet. You keep moving around, you won't need any nurse. I'm worried about him, Captain. I can't stop the bleeding. If I don't get him to a medical bay soon he's not going to make it. Captain Yes, sir. [Jem'Hadar ship corridor] I can start to restore power to the systems one at a time. That'll give us a chance to test them and establish their functions. But it's going to take a while. I wish I knew. You keep that to yourself. I don't want him to hear that kind of talk. The hell I will. His only hope is to keep fighting. If he gives up, it's over. Now you listen to me. That boy's life is in our hands and I won't let anybody give up on him. All the ship's systems are shutting down, Captain. I've managed to bypass the virtual display interface and hook up a tricorder to the ship's sensor array. Those are ultritium concussion shells they're detonating. They're trying to rattle us. (Boom) Any idea what? I still have to charge the emitter arrays. You have your weapon, sir. But the bad news is, the turret is stuck. It can only fire in one direction. Easy, Quique. There's nothing to be afraid of. Easy, Quique. Yeah, that was a good one. I told you, he is not going to die. So we might as well kill him, right? I'm not some bloodthirsty Klingon looking for an excuse to murder my friend. Aye, sir. As soon as we finish calibrating the induction reactors, we can fire up the main core. I'm for that. I could use a couple more hours to fine tune the magnetic flux couplers but under the circumstances, now's as good a time as any. That's all right. Just keep compensating with the inertial dampers. Induction dampers disintegrating. Captain, if we don't cut power now we'll have a core breach. (A console explodes.) Main power grid is completely fused. Structural integrity field has collapsed. I could really use your help now, Quique. (But Muniz has died. Bummer. Later, Dax comforts Sisko.) We used a phase-conjugate graviton emitter in the tractor beam. That baby came out of the rock first time. You would've loved it, Quique It's all right. I am? That's a fine tradition. (Worf sits.) What are you doing? I'm sure Quique would like that. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Should? I can't go to the holosuite tonight. Kira and I have some things to work out. Who said we were fighting? It's a huge station. Well, for your information, we're not fighting. I hope they taste better than those makara herbs you gave her. No. Kira didn't like the taste. Oh by the way, I almost forgot. She er, she has a rash on the back of her thighs. Do you have a salve or something? Well, I noticed it yesterday when I was helping her out of the bathtub, so she's had it at least a day. She's living in my house. She's having my baby. What? Oh, please. I was holding a towel up in front of her. Keiko feels fine about it. You see, we are adults. We've developed a close, mature relationship. What about me? It's an O'Brien survival technique. My mother hated being pregnant. My father's massages were the only things that kept her from killing everyone. Pretty much. She didn't swear in Bajoran but she did like to use what she called descriptive phrases. (Keiko enters with some clothes and a pair of boots.) Harder it is. (Keiko leaves as O'Brien moves onto Kira's lower back.) Worse. I'd swear sometimes you'd hear her screams halfway across Ireland. The neighbours didn't know whether to be worried or titillated. (And onto the shoulders.) You know, if you'd asked me that a year ago, I would have said no. But lately, I don't know why, I've been daydreaming about home. Maybe I'm getting nostalgic in my old age. If I left, who'd give you foot massages? Me too. (The massaging stops. Keiko enters again and now they're embarrassed.) Oh. Right. [Bridge] (Klingon opera is playing through the comm. system, and Worf is singing along with the male lead) Yep, they don't need me anymore. Home at seventeen hundred every evening. Er, my hands are pretty cold. Perfect. When do you leave? What? Me neither. No. So I guess we're going. Tell me about this house we're going to. I see. Why am I not surprised? Of what? That's it. I'm not going. I don't care what Keiko says, I'm not going. You go. I'll wait an hour and then I'll, I'll tell her that you left without me, that there was a miscommunication about the departure time. She'll probably accuse us of having another fight, of behaving like children, but I can handle that. The important thing is that we don't go anywhere near that place together. That's the best idea you've had all week. (They hug.) Have a good trip. It would've been nice. Let's not even think about it. Yes, Nerys? Right. [Infirmary] (Quark is battered, bruised and happy)
I'm told the Cardassians decided to have some fun the day they left. Four Bajorans were killed trying to protect their shops. We've got all available personnel assigned to repairing primary systems, sir. The Cardassians took every component of value. We're virtually defenceless. I discussed this with Major Kira, the attaché assigned here by the Bajoran government and we decided A lot of them lost everything they had. A few are trying to rebuild, but most are packing up to leave. [Shrine entrance] When my wife Keiko saw our quarters, she started talking about visiting her mother in Kumamoto. Sir, I wouldn't allow the boy to go roaming. We're still having some security problems. We can get you a real bunk off the Enterprise. I almost forgot. Captain Picard wants to see you as soon as possible. They're expected tomorrow. I'm afraid they're all offline. There's plenty of emergency rations. I could send some down. I'd like to ask the designer what he was thinking about when they built this place. I still haven't been able to find an ODN access. that's the Prefect's office up there. (the office is up some steps, with a view out over the whole of Ops) Yes, sir. Major Kira's been using it. The environmental controls in Ops are stuck at thirty-two C. We're working on it. (Raised voices can be heard coming from the office) Sir, have you ever served with any Bajoran women? I was just wondering, sir. That's okay. Thanks. [Transporter room] Transport me to the Ops pad, Maggie. Yes, sir. I didn't want to disturb you, sir. Number three. Yes, sir. It's just a transporter room, sir. Permission to disembark, Captain. Energise. (Picard beams him out, and the Enterprise leaves for its next mission) [Ops] (A Cardassian warship is on the viewscreen) Message coming in from their commander, Gul Dukat. He's requesting permission to come aboard to greet us. Surely a coincidence that the Enterprise just left. If you have a problem, sir, you'll have to take it up with Commander Sisko. Scanners are picking up fluctuations in the Cardassian's energy distribution net. Trying to lock on. I've never done this with a Cardassian transporter. Damn it, what's the problem. (He kicks the thing and Odo beams in) Scanners are reading major subspace disruption at their last known coordinates. I don't know. They're just gone. [Runabout Rio Grande] Another neutrino disruption. Major, there's something inside it, some kind of lifeform. They should be back online by now. We have to assume they know everything we know. Aye, sir. Locking on. (The orb is beamed in. That disappears to reveal Dax.) [Limbo] (Meanwhile, Sisko is in a white nowhere listening to a heartbeat and seeing flashes from his past.) Jennifer on the beach. A baseball landing in a catcher's mitt. Kai Opaka. Locutus on a viewscreen. The Cardassians are leaving their position on a course toward the Denorios Belt. This isn't a starship, Major. We've got six working thrusters to power us and that's it. A hundred sixty million kilometre trip would take two months. That's not possible, sir. So we could lower the inertial mass? This whole station could break apart like an egg if it doesn't work. The Enterprise is still the nearest starship. They could reach us in two days. Partial field? Is station's inertial mass low enough to break orbit? Damn it, I didn't ask for an opinion. Just tell me whether or not we can get enough thrust with only a partial field established. All right. Thank you. Initiate transit mode, three-axis stabilisation. Engage thrusters. We've got to close that gap in the field or we'll tear ourselves into a million pieces. Computer, transfer energy from the inertial dampers to reinforce the subspace field. Damn it, transfer the energy! Cancelled? I'm going to transfer it manually. On my mark, redirect the flow to the deflectors. Keep the power balanced. Now. Computer, you and I have to have a little talk. [Runabout Yangtze Kiang] Aye, sir. They're powering up their forward phasers. What shields? I can transfer all available power to establish partial shields around critical areas, but if they hit the docking ring we'll sustain heavy damage. Doctor, you ever studied your military history of the border wars? You ever heard of the Setlik Three massacre? You know what they do to their prisoners, sir. [Saratoga - Sisko's quarters] Yes, sir. When they penetrate our thoron field, it should raise a few eyebrows over there. We only have six photons, Major. Aye, sir. (Six torpedoes fly off) An urgent hail from Jasad. Major. Remind me never to get into a game of Roladan Wild Draw with you. [Cardassian Bridge] The ships are being deployed into a standard attack formation, sir. They may just be testing us. I could run a pulse compression wave through the phaser banks. Put out a blast that'll make them think twice. Direct hit, level fourteen. Empty storage bays. No casualties. Controls are locked. I'm going to have to shut down the primary power flow or the whole Promenade will go up. Bloody Cardassians! I just got the damned thing fixed. [Promenade] (Bashir puts Odo's hand on a neck wound) That should do it for awhile. I might still be able to give you one more phaser blast, Major. Aye, sir. Cleared for pad C. [Promenade] Problem is, we've been retro-fitting the airlocks. Half of them were damaged during the move, and most of the others when the Cardassians blew out the fuel conduits.
The explosion was caused by a rupture in the power conduit behind that wall. Probably an overload in the ODN juncture. I'm detecting traces of nitrilin. And very rare. It couldn't have come from the power conduit. Odo, I. (sotto) I finished running the biomolecular scan you asked me for. I found traces of living tissue on the bulkhead around the blast site. A what? Everything's set. The transponder is on board the Flaxian's ship. Not a chance, I've hidden it inside the ship's magneton relay. You'll be able to track him as long as you stay within half a light year. Who do you think he's going to lead you to? According to our sensor logs, the Flaxian ship exploded the moment its warp drive was engaged. That's what I thought at first. Then I analysed the telemetry from the transponder I planted aboard the Flaxian ship. Just before the explosion, there was an interference pattern in the transponder's signal.
Keiko only spends a few days at a time on the station. I'm the one living in those quarters, and if I want to set up a little workshop in the bedroom Yeah. I don't use it when she's visiting. That's what I said. Exactly. Exactly. See, you understand. Now, why can't she see that? Why can't she be more like Well, a man. More like a man. I wish I was on this trip with someone else, that's what I wish. (beep) We're picking up a subspace magneton pulse, bearing zero nine zero mark one one five. The Bopak system. It's a burst of polarised magnetic energy. It's usually produced by a damaged warp core. Possibly. Let's take a look. (At the planet) I'm having trouble pinpointing the source of the plasma surge. Too much EM interference in the atmosphere. But it's definitely down there somewhere. Strange place for a ship to set down even if it was having engine trouble. Of course it could be an anomalous reading, but I'd feel a lot better if we could. Hold on. There's some kind of energy surge on (Bang, red alert) We've been hit by a plasma field. We're losing main power. Switching to auxiliary units. The field's draining our power. I can't break free. Send out a distress call. I'll try and get us down in one piece. I'm reading a clearing up ahead. I think we can make it. Hold on. (They career through the tree tops and make it down safely) [Jungle] (It's lush and gloomy, with insect sounds.) I'm sorry I couldn't find a nicer place to crash-land. Should we try again? (Six Jem'Hadar shimmer into view) That's right. I've been around. A bit distracted, yeah. I'd hate to think what would make the Jem'Hadar jumpy. If that's true, Julian, don't help them. Anything that weakens them increases our chances of getting out of here. (Goran'Agar enters and turns off the forcefield.) About thirty minutes. I'm having trouble with the transtater interface. Maybe you should take a look, sir. (Bashir goes over to O'Brien.) (sotto) The plasma charge should have an effective range of about fifteen metres. (sotto) Well, it's enough to take care of the guard. Once he's down, I'll get his weapon and we run like hell for the runabout. Thank you Lieutenant. Coming from you that means a lot to me. That is something I put together to enhance the resolution on that scanner. (Arak'Taral flips the switch. A burst of energy hits Meso'Clan. Arak'Taral grabs O'Brien by the throat and throws him onto a table. Goran'Agar puts his weapon to Bashir's head.) Or maybe that's what he wants you to believe. Think about it, Julian. What did he say to you? Federation doctors are trained to feel compassion and sympathy. He's manipulating you. He wants you to work hard and stop trying to escape. All right. Let's say you're right and he's turning into a nice guy. What are you getting at? What? You're just guessing. You don't know how the other Jem'Hadar will react when they're off the drug. They may go marauding through the galaxy on their own. At least now the Dominion keeps them on a short leash. And what are they going to do with that freedom? Stop being so naive, Julian, and look at them for what they are. They're killers. That's all they know how to do. That's all they want to do. Well then they should have asked for our help instead of shooting us down and threatening to kill us. I can't believe you're making excuses for them. No, it is not complex. It is simple. Those men out there are Dominion soldiers. We help them, we may end up unleashing the Jem'Hadar against the Federation, and that is a risk I am not willing to take. So we do not help them and that's the end of it! Yes, sir. [Runabout Rubicon] (O'Brien is working in a cavity below the floorplates.) A few minutes. Obviously. I got caught. I guess we'll never know that. I'm sure you do. We have our differences. No, I don't. Well I'm glad we understand each other. (O'Brien pulls a cylinder from the cavity.) Where's the guard? Good. Anything else around we can use as a weapon? No? Let's get moving. It's only three hundred metres to the runabout, but those guys move fast. What the hell do you mean, you're not going? I don't care what you think. This is our one chance to get out of here and we've got to take it. Julian, even if you find a cure, they're going to kill you anyway. Forget about him. What about all the others? They're still a bunch of bloodthirsty All right. I will. But you're coming with me. (O'Brien destroys the equipment.) There. You can bring me up on charges when we get back, but there's nothing to keep you here now. So let's get going. (Goran'Agar shimmers in and knocks O'Brien down.) Yes, I did. I have been. He's their commander. They trusted him. He can't leave them. Julian. [Captain's office] (Sisko is working on his alien clock.) Thanks, Major. You can bring me up on charges, you know. I wish things could have been different, Julian. And I'm sorry I had to destroy your work. Yes, I did, because I thought it was the only way to save your life. Whatever else you may think of who I am and what I did, at least try to understand that. Don't worry. I don't feel much like playing either.
I'm making Molly a dollhouse for her birthday. Thank you. The house itself was easy, but the furniture? Even with a microlathe, I'm not sure I'm going to get it all finished in time. Can't we check it out the next time we come this way? Quantum fluctuations are intensifying. (Bang! Red Alert. Energy runs over all the consoles and enters Kira. For a moment there are two of her.) The inertial dampers are offline, and the gyromagnetic stabilisers are depolarised. We're going to be here for a few days. You mean Ensign Tannenbaum? From Engineering? Molly? Hi. How much were we, were you able to salvage from the Defiant? So you're saying we go home, and your timeline is preserved. Twice. Who's that? Congratulations. I don't want to hear about it, Julian. I have a wife and kids back home. What? Have you lost your mind? Yeah, well, I wouldn't mind cheating fate all the way home to the station. I don't know those people. But I have a wife and kids back home who need me. No offence, but I don't believe in your Prophets. That's easy for you to say. You hardly see your son. We can sit here arguing destiny until we're blue in the face, but the bottom line is, nobody has the right to tell me I can't go home to my family. So we're not actually considering this? The status report you asked for, sir. The repairs are finished. The Defiant's ready to leave orbit. (Sisko reads the PADD.) I'm busy. Ah, great. You know, I have a little girl named Molly, too. We'll see. We can't do it. We can't let these people die. [Town square] (Evening, and the tired workers return.) I've downloaded the recordings into a class four probe. It'll start transmitting a location signal as soon as it clears the barrier. I'm picking up an unusual temporal signature. We're clearing the barrier. Someone changed our flight plan. It wasn't me.
Excuse me, Captain. The power cell from the phaser array. We used it up on the last mission. (Sisko takes the canister.) That's Captain. It's an old naval tradition. Whoever's in command of a ship, regardless of rank, is referred to as Captain. Cadet, by the time you took command, there'd be nobody left to call you anything. All done here, Captain. Here's another one, Captain.
Someone's been studying the Ancient Texts. Is she doing the same for you? I mean, learning to be a Ferengi woman? Memorising the Rules of Acquisition and Rom is not your traditional Ferengi male. No sign of a single vole. I think we got them all. The Waiver of Property and Profit? And you expect Leeta to agree to this? It's your life, but I think you're making a big mistake. I need that phase calibrator I lent you the other day. Rom, what are you doing? Why the two piles? You're offering her a bribe? But if she signs the waiver she can't own anything, so she'd have to give it all back to you. Rom, I don't think there's any way you're going to convince Leeta to sign that waiver. Do you want Leeta back or not? Maybe, but lust can be a lot more fun. Now answer the question. Do you want her back or not? (picking up a strip) Anything? [Promenade] (Leeta is selling jumja sticks and other confectionary.) What can I say? I'm just an incurable romantic. [Ishka's house]
Oh, I bet even then he showed signs of greatness. If you ask me, it's an ungodly hour to go to war. You can quote me on that. Oh, Jadzia? Will you look in on Keiko and the kids while I'm gone? And try to keep Julian out of trouble. You got here early. That's one way to put it. Looks like we're in luck, Captain. The defensive grid's still offline. He's right. Each one seems to be getting its power from a central source. I'm on it. [Promenade - upper level] Sir, I found it. There's a subspace power generator on a small moon orbiting the far planet. It's transmitting energy to the weapon platforms. Captain? Sir, I have an idea. Maybe we can't destroy that power generator, but I bet those weapon platforms could. We can use our deflector array to imprint a Federation warp signature on the generator's energy matrix. Induction stabilisers set. Booster modulators synchronised. Ready to activate deflector. Major, we're receiving a priority one transmission from Deep Space Nine. It's from Julian. [Dominion briefing room] Good luck, sir.
Small arms recalibration? Does that mean all the small arms on the station? Beats retuning phaser rifles. Serving on a Klingon ship is like being with a gang of ancient sea pirates. You advance in rank by killing the people above you, so everywhere you turn you're surrounded by potential assassins. Cowardice? A Klingon? Are they off Martok's new ship? They seem quiet enough. How's the Intelligence business? No. A vessel's decloaking fifteen kilometres off the station. It's the Rotarran. Yes, sir. And there's an incoming transmission.
She must've gotten it into her head to go looking for Worf. Didn't think you were going to make it. Well, they probably got held up picking out a wedding gift. (Quark hands round the glasses. Kira refuses.)
Look, save your energy. We'll have you out of there as soon as possible. I hope. Try re-routing the power coupling. See if you can activate the interlock servos. Captain Jaheel, those people have been stuck in that airlock for over an hour. Now if you can wait until we get that door opened, I'll be happy to listen to any problems you might have. I'm afraid we've gotten a little bit behind in our maintenance schedule. I'll try to get a repair crew to you by the end of the day. Now that's the best I can do. O'Brien here. On my way. [Outside the lab] What are you doing out here? (She opens the door and a high pitched noise comes blaring out) [Laboratory] Have you checked the EPS convertor? How about the intensity grid? Then it's probably the secondary phase modulator. We had trouble with them last week in the main power core. That should do it. (the noise stops, along with the rest of the powered systems) Anything else I can do for you? [Ops] (under the console) Uh-huh. Try it now. Who has time for sleep? I'd settle for five minutes of peace and quiet. (Sisko gets a drink from the replicators and it is awful) You're absolutely right, sir. I knew I'd forgotten something. Can't have the operations chief sitting around daydreaming when there's work to be done, can we? I'll get right on it. [Access tunnel] (Basically a Cardassian Jefferies tube) Fix the replicators, Chief. My console's offline, Chief. I should've transferred to a cargo drone. No people, no complaints. [Corridor] (He comes out and tries the replicator panel. there's an energy discharge, then it returns to normal) Hot coffee, black, double sweet. (It looks right, smells right and tastes right. He gives it a final once over and we get to see the little hidden device start blinking.) [Quark's] There you go, sir. I think you'll find that more to your liking. (The drink is acceptable) Don't mention it, sir. Unfortunately, there are plenty of replicators around the station that still need looking after. I'm just a bit hot. The environmental controls must be acting up again. That's nice to hear, sir. She's flower units about the lad herself. Sir? She's quite fond of the lad herself. Very good, sir. [Promenade] How can I help you, Major? Oh, no, I'm fine, really. Major, larks true pepper. Let birds go further loose maybe. Shout easy play. Round the turbulent quick. Well, close the reverse harbour. Ankle try sound. Reset gleaming. Dinner to bug. When? Strike limits. Flame the dark true salt. Way link complete. Way link! (Kira pushes him back onto the bed) Victory strike limits frosted wake. Simple hesitation! [Ops] Thank you, sir.
Time to get ready for what? What picnic? Is that today? Oh, well, we'd better get going then. I can't believe how much she's grown since I saw her last. (Keiko pats Miles' stomach.) What? The usual. Can't it wait until after the picnic? Better get down to the airlock. The shuttle leaves in twenty minutes. He might get lost. (checks the hamper) No sausages? [Meadow] (On the picnic blanket, Keiko is brushing Molly's hair.) You do? An exobologist? What's that? Honey, I'm not going to send you away again. No, I'm not. I only did it because it wasn't safe for you to be on the station. We're never going to be apart again. I promise. You bet. (And she does.) Wow. And what about you, little fellow? What do you say? (Contented gurgle.) I couldn't have said it better myself. Real sunshine, fresh air, you and the kids. Life doesn't get any better than this. I meant it. I'll put in for a transfer. I never want us to be apart again. (They kiss, and there's a big scream.) Molly? Molly! (O'Brien runs towards the screams. Keiko picks up Yoshi and follows.) Molly! Molly! Molly, I'm coming. Hold on, Molly. Hold on. Daddy's coming. Come on. (O'Brien reaches down over the lip of an artificial hole in the ground. Molly is hanging on by her fingertips above a swirly purple thing.) Take my hand. Come on, just take my hand. (Their fingers touch, then Molly falls into the purple, which then vanishes to reveal the empty floor beneath.) [Portal chamber] (After the opening titles, Starfleet CSI has arrived with all their tech to try and solve the case. The portal is an irregular stone hexagon set at about forty five degrees to the floor. There are other pieces of carved stone around. Kira hugs Keiko and Yoshi.) Oh, bollocks! (Yoshi cries.) Maybe you should take him up to the Defiant. It might be too cold in here for him. It's going to be all right, Yoshi. It's going to be all right. Give me a hand here. Okay. (Three men try to push the hexagon upright.) [Ready room] I think I've found a way to modulate the temporal field generators. If it works, Molly'll be home in a few hours. Shh. Dear, come on, come on. We're going to get her back. Everything's going to be all right Go ahead. It means Molly's coming home. Come on. [Portal chamber] (Machinery is thrumming.) Transporter interface link. DNA acquisition sensors. Okay, let's do it. (The purple swirly appears in the now-upright portal.) We're losing power. It's all right. There's no need to be afraid. (O'Brien tries to catch her but she bites him, then Bashir hypo's her) [Medical bay] We pulled her out ten years too late. Yes, but we'll have our Molly back. She was so scared I doubt she even got a good look at us. It's all right, Molly. We're not going to hurt you. (O'Brien picks up a plate of fruit.) Would you like something to eat? I bet you're hungry. Golana melon. Mmm, it's delicious. It's for you. (O'Brien puts the plate on the ground and backs away. Molly comes down and tries the fruit) It's good, isn't it? I think she's trying to figure out who we are. Maybe she remembers looking up at us when she was little. That's right. Mommy and Daddy. Show it to her. This is a ball, Molly. Molly, give me the ball. (But Molly puts it with other balls and Lupi, behind the rock.) Yeah, well I hope she catches on soon. We're running out. Would you like the ball? I'll give you the ball, then you give me the ball, huh? (O'Brien tosses the ball to Molly.) Give me the ball, Molly. Molly, give me the ball. Please? (Molly rolls the ball back to him.) Yes, that's it! That's it. That's my girl. That's my Molly. [Worf + Dax's bedroom] (Worf enters, exhausted. Yoshi is crying in the other room.) Oh, hi. She went to sleep a couple of hours ago. You got me. Good. I've fallen behind on my repair schedule the last couple of days. (Keiko brushes her hair. Molly walks over to them.) More and more when I look at her, I can see the little girl she used to be. No, but I can tell she understands what we're saying. Oh, absolutely. Look at this. (O'Brien unrolls a piece of paper.) She drew it. Not bad, eh? (The trees have faces and there are two suns or moons.) Yeah, she loves to draw. Oh, did I tell you? She began eating with a spoon. At this rate, she'll be reading and writing in a few weeks. Ah, don't worry. I'm not going to push her. I don't have to. She's doing fine on her own. [O'Brien's quarters] (Worf is waving a rattle for Yoshi.) How'd he do? Thanks for watching him. What's going on? I'll try to calm her down. Did you hear that? Home? You want us to take you home with us? Mommy and Daddy are going to take you home. Yes. [O'Brien's quarters] Home, Molly. This is home. (She looks around the living room then out of the window.) That's right. Would you like to see your room? [Molly's bedroom] (Molly gets a dress from the wardrobe then she tears it and runs out.) [O'Brien's quarters] No, this is your home. Look, I know. You lived there a long time, but this is home too. Maybe we can. [Holosuite Meadow] She has no idea it's a holosuite. Well there's no reason we can't take her here for an hour or two every day. I'll talk to Quark about scheduling some regular time. (Molly hangs upside down from the tree.) That's my girl! (Doorbell.) I'll be right back. I'll pay for their time if they can wait another half hour. All right. Give me a minute. Molly, honey, we've got to go. Molly. Computer, end programme. We'll come back tomorrow. It's okay, it's okay. Molly! (Molly runs down the stairs, pushing people out of her way.) [Quark's] (Chaos ensues as the young woman sends customers flying over tables. Molly picks up a broken bottle and stabs an alien as Odo arrives with his deputies.) Molly! She wasn't trying to hurt him, she was just trying to get away. Incarcerated? They're going to keep her there, aren't they? Molly belongs with Keiko and me. If she's going to make a connection with anybody it's going to be us, not some therapist she doesn't even know. Captain, please. Don't let them take her away. [Holding area] (Molly is pacing in a cell.) Molly. Molly. Molly, don't. (Molly walks into the forcefield and is thrown back onto the bed. She tries again.) No! Turn it off, damn it! (The deputy does so just as Molly tries again.) Molly, Molly. She's not going to get that at a special care centre. But what happens when they put her on a transport? What happens then? [Worf + Dax's quarters] We don't have any choice. We just have to hope Molly can adjust. What are you talking about? The less you know, the better. Because there's going to be consequences. Keiko, listen to me. We're going to steal a runabout and take Molly back to Golana. Yeah. Once she's through we can destroy it. That way no one will ever find her. I wish there were some other way. Golana's been her home for ten years. She knows how to survive there. She'll be all right. [Holding area] How is she? There are no holosuites available. Odo said we should move her back to the cargo bay. Well, check the log. He said he made a note of it. (The Deputy turns his back and O'Brien hypos him.) [Airlock] (O'Brien is half-carrying Molly.) Did you get everything? Odo, please let us go. Everything's ready to go. I've recalibrated the temporal field generator. We should be able to put her back at the same point in time when we took her out. Molly, honey, Can I show you something? (The purple swirly appears.) You're going home now, Molly. Home is right through there. I love you, too. Go on, honey. Home. That's right. When you look up at the stars, that's where we'll be, watching you. Go on, honey. Oh, look at you. You okay? [Worf + Dax's quarters] The Captain's volunteered to represent me at the hearing. According to Dax, the recalibration didn't hold, so the portal sent her back to the same point in time it sent little Molly. I hope so. And I hope she realised that in a way she was going home too. It's beautiful.
No, sir, it's fine. I'm sure, Commander. Jake's a good fellow. I'll enjoy working with him. I'll have him up to his elbows in thorium grease, sir. Good for him. So did I. No, it's true. It wasn't till I got to the Cardassian front I found I had talents I never knew I had. It was a matter of figuring out how to get a field transporter operational in ten minutes or wind up a Cardassian prisoner of war. Now, I didn't know a transporter from a turbolift in those days but somehow, in nine minutes fifty three seconds, I got that thing to work. I got thirteen men safely off the surface of Setlik Three. Next thing I know I'm the tactical officer on the Rutledge. That's how I got the gold suit. They grow up in a hurry, don't they, sir. I think I've got one. Computer, set a new heading, four one mark three zero one. Only it looks like someone's beat us to it. Human life forms. Trying all hailing frequencies. No response. I'm picking up some kind of low level duonetic field down there. It may be blocking communications. Even the self-diagnostics aren't working. It's plain dead. (trying his phaser) I'd say there's no EM activity at all around here. I'm not sure, but it might have something to do with that duonetic field our sensors picked up. We were going to ask you the same thing. So we've seen. We'll be able to get all of you out of here. But you just said it yourself. Nothing works. Yeah, they commissioned the first ones two years ago. They're a short-range interstellar craft about a quarter the size of your cabin here. Keiko, my wife, she's been replicating longer dresses lately. That might just be the Bajoran styles she sees on Deep Space Nine. Actually, the first thing I'd like to do is to try and get some response from the EM systems. Commander. A bunch of these were left in my room too. I haven't had a chance to look at them. What does she write about? Yeah? What's her prognosis? My wife told me something along those lines just last week. Sounds like it took a crash landing for her to find her paradise. [Compound] (Joseph is working a grindstone on an upper ledge) There's nothing to find. Waveguides, conduits, baffle plates. You name it, it's gone. The ship looks like it's been through a Ferengi junkyard. As an engineer, you must've had some problems with that. The medical kit in the runabout could probably take care of this in a second. This duonetic field inhibits energy flow, but a duonetic field is a form of energy too. Maybe we could modify our communicators to run on the field itself. I can't help thinking what my wife would say if she saw me doing this. Well, around my house, I'm known as the Black Thumb. I'm just one of those people, you know? The only way I could get anything to grow was to marry a botanist. Yeah. You should have seen the arboretum she grew on the Enterprise. That's where I asked her to marry me. She'd love it here. Trouble is she wouldn't want to leave. What did he do to deserve this? One candle? In that hell box? SI get the distinct impression that she expects us to be here for a while. Yes, sir. [Sisko's cubicle] (Evening, and Sisko is washing with water in a copper bowl when Cassandra enters with a small bowl of white liquid.) Are you all right, Commander? This duonetic field is still a mystery, sir. I can't believe it's being generated by the astatine deposits in the stream bed. What are you talking about? You just had him up all night standing watch. Wait a minute! (O'Brien is restrained, and a pointed stick held against him. Sisko gives Vinod his hand-hoe and gets into the little oven, to bake in the sun) [Runabout Rio Grande] I need your help, Joseph. I've got to try to track down where that duonetic field is coming from. That's not what's causing it. If it were, I'd have that transmitter running and we'd all be out of here already. It's got to be something else and I think I've figured a way to get me to the source of it. She'd put you in the box, wouldn't she. Then, do me a favour. Look down at that hematite deposit I just discovered. I can do it so it won't hurt at all. (Joseph kneels down and O'Brien knocks him out.) I owe you one, my friend. (O'Brien picks up a gourd and some rock and leaves) [Forest] (O'Brien has made a compass with the magnetite rock and a gourd of water. When his 'needle' starts spinning, he scrapes away the leaf litter to find a box with flashing lights. As he is kneeling, an arrow thuds into the tree behind him. It's Vinod. O'Brien runs. Vinod sees the gold of the uniform shoulder and shoots it, but O'Brien's not wearing it. He pounces on Vinod, knocks him out and unstrings the bow.) Well, you finally got one of us out of our uniform. [Compound] Come on, move it. Where's Alixus? (O'Brien has tied Vinod's hands with his own bow string) Get her out here! (O'Brien phasers open the metal box and helps Sisko out.) Get him some water! (Stephan does) Do you know why this phaser is working now? Because I shut down the duonetic field that was stopping it from working. An artificially created duonetic field. We have room for all of you on the runabout. If you have anything you want to bring with you, you ought to get it now.
Hi, honey. Oh, what a day. Synthale, tall glass. We had three Kobheerian freighter captains who all wanted to use the same docking port. Someone stole a case of medical supplies from the Infirmary. Two power failures. How was school? You closed the school? Why? What happened? What about Jake and Nog? Don't they have to? I'm really sorry, Keiko. Keiko. You're five minutes early. The canapés aren't ready yet. Now don't tell me you've forgotten what day it is I can't believe you've forgotten. It's 'I'm married to the most wonderful woman in the galaxy' day. I marked it in your calendar. It's an old Irish tradition. Here we go. (opens champagne) I thought we should start celebrating it. Actually, it's a very irregular holiday, crops up all over the place. Sometimes twice a day. Oh, definitely fireworks. (Next morning, they come out of the bedroom) I should be finished the docking inspection by thirteen hundred hours. How about lunch at the Replimat? It's a date then. See you later. You've already thanked me. Have a good day. I'll be on upper pylon two if you need me. Oh excuse me, sir. I can come back later. Well, it's kind of private. How did you know? That's just it sir. She's acting like she doesn't care, like there's nothing's wrong. I've tried to lift her spirits a bit, romantic dinners, long moonlit walks in the holosuite. I even rearranged my work schedule so I could spend more time with her. Nothing seemed to make a difference. Yes, sir. I'd like permission to convert one of the empty cargo bays into an arboretum. So, you're saying yes? So do I. She sacrificed her entire career to be here with me. I owe her. Thank you, sir. [Klingon Great hall] Doctor. What do you think? It's not just for Keiko. I mean, it'd benefit the entire station. Do you think it'll work? Two months? I thought an arboretum would give her a chance to continue her studies. Help her find something to do with her time. Exactly. I suppose not. Keiko, there's an agrobiology expedition leaving for the Janitza mountains on Bajor in two weeks. They need a chief botanist. I think you could probably qualify. That's right. They've never surveyed these mountains. It's a very important expedition. Six months. You can take Molly with you, I've already checked. And as for me, well, Bajor's only three hours away in a runabout. We can manage. I know. This isn't about guilt. This is about you being happy and me knowing that you're not. I know. But you're a botanist. That's what you trained to do. That's what you love. Be a botanist, Keiko. Be the best damned botanist in the galaxy. [Quark's] (Downstairs, two glum Ferengi just like in the teaser.)
Ow! Nothing! (Kira finds another ops location with her tricorder.) No. All right, come to papa. They weren't bothering us until we started moving into areas of the station that they've been hiding in. Now they're spreading out all over the place. (He pulls out a piece of gnawed cable) They seem to be attracted to electromagnetic fields. Give me a hand, Major, will you? Maybe we could create some kind of EM pathway along the inner hull and try to lure them into a trap. I can't, and it would take days to round them all up. We'd have to evacuate the station. The only other thing I can come up with is a directional sonic generator. Now I can adjust it to a frequency that'll be uncomfortable to their ears, drive them out of hiding one at a time. But at that rate, I'll be doing this for the rest of my tour of duty. (Quark has arrived on the turbolift, holding something at arm's length.) Relax, Quark. We're working on something new that ought to make the voles beg for mercy. A sonic (O'Brien turns the device on as it is pointing at Quark.) You all right? Are you all right? You can shut down your engines, Lieutenant. We'll bring you in to pad D. We'll need a couple of hours. Acknowledged. I was just hoping you'd found a way to deal with them. Look, I just thought in the interests of good relations, you might Thanks for your help. What's this? (reads the note) It worked in Hamlin. (It's a flute) Very funny. [Commander's office] (Sisko is sitting at a 2D chess board) Voles have eaten through the security field energy lines. No telling how long it'll take me to set up another field. A universe? Can't we contain it somehow? Yes, sir. Just finishing, Commander. Commander, if we're going to implement that containment field, we'd better do it now. In two minutes, this thing's going to expand. The containment field is in place and holding, sir, but I'd like to run a practical test on the verteron integrity. This is the strongest forcefield I know how to construct, sir, but a test would at least give us the odds of getting it through the wormhole intact. Locking on to the containment field. Stand by. The energy fluctuations are driving the transporter crazy. [Runabout Rio Grande] Switching your transporter to secure mode. Readings are stable. Ten seconds to the wormhole.
Differential subsurface movement is at zero point three percent. We're in normal standby mode. Excuse me, gentlemen. Anyone know what this cargo's doing here? Will you do me a favour and tell your uncle we're getting a bit weary of him bypassing import procedures. You mean self-sealing stem bolts. He sure needs a lot of them. Oh, I don't doubt it. What does he need them for? The usual? I wouldn't know. I've never used them. I've never even seen one. I read it here on the manifest PADD. (O'Brien leaves)
We made the decision together. Keiko, sit down, please. Keiko. (Keiko is leaving, and O'Brien follows her.) [Quark's] (Back downstairs) Look, I'm willing to ask for a transfer if that'll make you happy. Not necessarily. Keiko, there's a whole new quadrant on the other side of the wormhole, full of new plant life to explore. We'll be sending runabouts through the wormhole. I'll see to it you get to go. Just think how much more attractive this place could be if you planted some trees and flowers on the Promenade. You could even create an arboretum from the new specimens we bring back from the Gamma Quadrant. Go ahead. On my way. [Promenade] (Nog has bought a confection on a stick from a kiosk) It's about the only place they have to go. You can't keep them locked in their rooms. Here's Mommy. How's it going? Just a little something I replicated on the way over. I want to see you standing in the Promenade tomorrow morning ringing your school bell. I'd better take her home. [Promenade] (Odo is being followed by a crowd.) O'Brien to Ops. [Ops] You'd better get down here. [Infirmary] (The thing Bashir's growing is about four feet long now.) [Promenade] Yes sir, he went in a few minutes ago. The crowd followed him from the bar. Aye, sir (O'Brien leaves) All right. break it up now.
She'll be here any minute. Running a little late. I don't get it. He's interested, she's interested. What's the problem? It could still work. She's here. (Sisko comes out of his office.) Looks just like her. Yeah, the Breen are going to be in for a surprise when they train their energy dampening weapon on this beauty, huh? Let's go look. (Worf and O'Brien leave.) I guess they worked it out. (Worf sends the turbolift back down again.) [Quark's]
Beautiful evening, isn't it? You don't look so good. You've got a lot on your mind, I bet. How is your father? I didn't say I came on the Defiant. Tell me the truth. Do you really believe that phaser rifles will do any good against shape-shifters? Luckily, no. The thought of being locked in the one shape all the time. (shudders) It's unnatural. Don't bother calling for help. It'll only cut short our conversation, and I do enjoy your company. You solids. You are so impatient. I thought we could sit here for a while, maybe go to a bar, have a pint, throw some darts. Let me ask you a question. How many changelings do you think are here on Earth right at this moment? Ah. What if I were to tell you that there are only four on this entire planet. Not counting Constable Odo of course. Think of it. Just four of us, and look at the havoc we've wrought. Four is more than enough. We're smarter than solids. We're better than you. And most importantly, we do not fear you the way you fear us. In the end, it's your fear that will destroy you. Finished? We've barely begun. I'll be seeing you. [Sisko's restaurant] They're bluffing. That's a Federation ship. They're not going to fire on us. Someone's been upgrading the Lakota's weapons. That's a lot of firepower for an Excelsior-class ship. If they've been tinkering with the weapons, who knows what they've done to the warp drive. What do we do, Commander? And kill everyone on board. Mister Worf, I think you should look at this.
Did you hear about the Tian An Men? She was reported missing last night bear the Cardassian border. No, not yet. No. Since? Me, too. Thank you for dinner, Captain. It was wonderful. That's an unusual piece of equipment. What do you need that for? I'm sure there's an old cell lying around here somewhere, but I don't have time to scrounge around for it at the moment. Almost anything. Sure. That's what I'd be doing right now if Decker hadn't gotten sick. But I have to recalibrate all these EPS regulators so they don't interfere with the station's artificial gravity grid. You'd do that for me? Thanks. Thanks a lot. I owe you one. Oh, yeah. I think I know where there's one. I'll have it sent up to your quarters.
You should've seen it before. What, and let the Jerries cross the channel? Never. I wish we didn't have to. I suppose it is. I don't know. But if we don't, Keiko will dismantle me. [Airlock] (The transport has unloaded) Hi, sweetie! I never want to be apart like that again. Really? Is that him? (O'Brien points to Molly's doll. Molly points to Keiko's tummy.) A baby? Oh, I know. But your last visit, you were only here the one night. I thought it'd take a couple of nights. To be honest, a lot more nights. I guess so. [Ops] (An impressive old man comes up on the turbolift with a man and woman.) You heard. I really should be getting home. All right. [Quark's] My wife. My wife is having the baby. Hard to believe, isn't it. Yeah. Oh, cheers. No. Nothing at all. Couldn't be happier. No, seven months.  Worf delivered Molly, you know. The Enterprise was damaged. Keiko and he were trapped together when her time came. The thing is, Julian, now that Molly's a little older, I was hoping to being able to spend some time with Keiko again. I thought we could, I don't know, go out at night. Don't get me wrong, I know once I'm hold my little baby in my arms I'll be the happiest man in the world, but I wasn't expecting it to happen so soon. How about a game of darts? Yeah. [Promenade - upper level] Attagirl! Good shot, Molly. We're just practicing. We'll play a game later. Try another one. (Keiko enters with Mile's Irish warrior costume.) Oh. That's mine. Don't worry, I only wear it in the holosuites. Well, you should be glad. It kept me out of trouble. Want to try for twins? Teach me. Oh, let's see. Does your pony have a name? Go ahead. I'll play with Molly. Come on, Molly. Let's play darts. Now, remember what I said about the right way to stand? Let's try again. Can daddy colour, too? Computer, time. Where's Doctor Bashir? Julian. Not bad. You? I was heading home, thought I'd stop in for a quick pint. Seems like weeks. I see you found someone to play darts with. I've set up a board in my quarters so Molly and I can play. So's Molly. I mean, Molly's just a kid. We've been playing with magnets. You and I were evenly matched. Kept us sharp. What do you mean? Didn't you cancel? No, no, I've got to get home. Go ahead. Maybe Morn's better in the cockpit of a spitfire than he is at darts. You're right. Morn probably doesn't even know where England is. I'll see you. [Captain's office] You know, Molly really loves that book Jake gave her. She made me read it to her three times before she fell asleep. That's okay I'll, er, I'll read. No, I'm fine. (big sigh) What about him? Poor guy. No family to come home to every night. Depressed, is he? Maybe I should go spend an hour with him. I'm a lucky man. I can't believe you didn't cover me.
When the neutrinos are in bloom. Are we talking about a bachelor party? Me too. Thank God Keiko's not here. (O'Brien and Bashir leave.) Well, it can't be all fun and games. I'm sure there has to be some sort of ritual we have to go through before the party begins. There is going to be a party, isn't there? Obviously. Don't you know anything? How would you know? Maybe we should turn down the heat, you know, for Alexander's sake. I like the heat. Yeah? What is it? Kill Worf. Kill Worf. [Dax's quarters] (Leeta is dancing on a tabletop and the drum beat is insistent. Kira and Nog are doing a Ferengi dance which is like cats pouncing. Odo enters with two deputies.) Off? Why? They're both right. Dinner. I should've had that. The wedding's been called off.
Aye, sir. Jem'Hadar troops landing nine kilometres from your position.
Keiko and the kids will be a lot safer on Earth than they are here. They've only been gone two days and I miss them already. Captain. Maybe they're not coming. That's the fifth convoy headed to Cardassia in the last five weeks. I can only imagine how many Jem'Hadar soldiers are stationed there by now. I wish they'd just attack and get it over with. They must be desperate to side with the Dominion. Meanwhile, more Jem'Hadar ships come through the wormhole every week. How do we keep them out? What about pulse mines? We could equip them with variable geometry detonators. What if we cloaked them? Maybe cloaked ships don't, but I'm thinking a lot smaller. Each mine no more than a metre across. Well, something's wrong. You haven't touched your food. I thought you wanted Captain Sisko to marry you. Rom. We could equip each mine with a replicator unit. We'll program them to swarm detonate. Twenty or thirty mines to each ship. I'll go draw up some specs. I know, I know. Work faster. [Infirmary] (Jake is handing out bags.) Take us to our final set of coordinates. [Bridge] If you do, you risk setting off every mine on this ship. [Bridge] (Exploding consoles.) As soon as you give the word, sir. Do we go back for him?
Re-route the signal enhancement module to the main sensor array. How's it look? All set, Commander. The image enhancement and transformation functions are patched directly into your console.
Commander. (Sisko leaves) You wanted to see me? I'm not surprised. The Cardassians did a general systems sweep before they pulled out. The medical files would have been deleted along with everything else. Maybe. These subroutines don't look anywhere near as bad as the engineering files did. I might be able to reconstruct the data by microscanning the purge trace. Two, maybe three weeks. Sorry I couldn't be any more help.
Let me guess. They homed in on your plasma wake. The Defiant's warp engines are too powerful. They ionise the nebular gases in the Badlands.
That goes for me too, Captain. Here's to the newest and best captain in Starfleet. And all I can say is, it's about time. Hip hip. Hip hip. Hip hip. Don't worry, Captain. If the Tzenkethi try to start any trouble, we'll be ready for them. Captain? (Nothing and no one.) Getting jumpy in your old age, O'Brien. My son, the writer, thinks I should say something profound on his occasion. He even offered to write me a brief statement. I told him I'd take care of it myself, but as it turns out the only think I can think of is, Begin Captain's log, stardate 48960.9. [Turbolift] Warp and impulse engines are online. Hello. Who's there? (No reply, so he goes to look. There's another thud. O'Brien looks behind him then) Julian! Why didn't you answer me? What are you doing here, anyway? I could have done that for you. Oh. Where are you going now? Not bad for an extension course. [Mess hall] The console's functioning normally. The problem must be in the transceiver assembly. I'll get on it right away. Lieutenant, I could use some help. What do you make of this, Lieutenant? I've never seen anything like it. It seems to be linked to key points within the transceiver assembly. We'd better get it out of there. (Zap!) Argh! Come on. I want to check the other command systems. I have a bad feeling about this. [Engine room] (And another one does the growing thing.) They've attached themselves to the command and communication relays, the internal sensors, the transporter, the deflector shield grid, almost every critical system. None that we've found yet. We're still working on it. I don't know who did it, but I know it definitely happened after we left the station. I ran a systems check before our departure. They weren't there then. It's nothing, sir. It's not even worth mentioning. Well, I did see someone crawling about in one of the Jefferies Tubes the other day. It was Julian. He was connecting a medical console to the power grid. Yes, but not for much longer. They dissipate quickly. We'll be the prime suspects. Yes, we know that. Nothing. Well I am. After all, you were in that conduit the other day. Of course you were. I saw you. (Beep! And the Admiral morphs into a whirl of goo, and escapes through the ceiling.) I can't deactivate the cloaking device. It must've been the changeling. I went down the hall to get an interphasic compensator. I heard a noise and when I came back Damage control team, report to the engine room. I think I may be able to shut down the changeling's forcefields and gain access to the sabotaged systems. The only problem is we may lose our [Bridge] Well, I guess it'll have to be less than seven minutes, won't it. [Bridge] All right, we're almost there. Look, when we set off this device there's a possibility we may lose the protective field around the warp core. If that happens, this room is going to heat up real fast so give the warp core a wide berth or you'll get a dose of radiation poisoning even Bashir can't cure. (Odo morphs in from a grating.) We haven't seen him. (Then a second one morphs in from another grating.) You don't say. That's right. I've got more important things to do than play choose the changeling. Keep the phaser on both of them. [Bridge] You'll see. Now. Shut down the main power grid. (Odo 2 morphs into Krajensky-founder and hits the engineer.) Control to the helm. She's all yours [Bridge] Have a seat.
Sorry, Commander. I guess I'm just in the zone today. The feeling that I can't lose. That I can put the dart exactly where I want it. You know the feeling. Sorry, Lieutenant. Quark, I have to go. I don't know. I was actually thinking about getting some time in the holosuites tomorrow. As a matter of fact, I was. Quark. You're offering ten to one to anyone betting against me tomorrow? I'd make it fifteen if I were you. Don't worry, coach. I won't let you down. I will throw the dart when I'm ready to throw the dart. Is that my synthale? Excuse me. Argh! It's all right. Just pop it back in, Julian. I'll be all right. Surgery? Wait, wait, wait. Look, I'm in the zone. I just need (He tries to raise his throwing arm and ) Argh! I just need surgery. Good so far. Let's see. (The dart lands outside the six.) No. I can feel it. I'm out of the zone. You know, I've played sports all my life and I've never been in the zone like that before. Probably never will again, but it felt good while it lasted. Hey. You may be right. Quark, I need a holosuite. (Bashir casually throws a dart - and it's a bullseye!)
Basically we stumbled onto it by accident. At Chin'toka, our entire fleet was disabled when the Breen engaged their energy dampening weapon. Three hundred and eleven ships, Federation, Romulan, and Klingon, all lost power. We're not really sure. The only thing we can figure is that just prior to the engagement, their Chief Engineer adjusted the tritium intermix to compensate for a containment problem in the warp core. I've sent everything we know about the Breen weapon to the Romulan Ministry of Science and to Starfleet Engineering, but realistically, it's going take be a while before they can figure out a way to protect our ships. I haven't noticed her avoiding you. Are you sure you're not imagining things? Well, it's a big station. The truth is, you want to spend time with her, so it seems that she's never around. Isn't that unethical, or something? Is that Odo? Oh, never mind. I don't want to know. Hi. It was good running into you. I haven't seen you in days. (O'Brien leaves.) Sounds like a typical bureaucrat flexing his muscles. Maybe the attack on Starfleet Headquarters has him spooked. You know, guys like Hilliard are used to sitting behind their desks, not under them. Does he have Sigma Nine clearance, whatever that is? So, is the file worth all the trouble you had to go through? By the way, what happened with you and Ezri? Go on. What? She told you that? Julian, I had a drink with Worf the other day. He told me that he and Ezri were just friends. You must have misunderstood her. Well did you at least find out why she's been avoiding you? What? What do you mean? Are you sure? There's a lot of numbers there. You really are genetically enhanced, aren't you. Two different scans can't have exactly the same dispersal pattern? I can't believe Starfleet Medical would actually make up a fake file just to throw you off. Are you thinking what I'm thinking? An organisation that's prepared to do whatever it takes to protect the Federation wouldn't even blink at doing something like this. And to keep that from happening, they're willing to let Odo die. [Martok's office] I don't know, Julian. If Section Thirty One is involved in this, maybe we should tell the Captain. I see your point. What steps do you think they might take? Is that coffee? Yeah, well keep it under your hat, will you? Just do it. Odo would be touched if he knew you were doing this. It'll be our little secret. Here you go. That makes sense. According to that, he was infected over two years ago? But if it happened that long ago, how come he hasn't shown any symptoms before? Almost three years ago. You sure? So that when he Linked with another changeling, he'd pass it on, and eventually the entire race would be infected. Well if they gave Odo this disease, then they must have a cure. Before Thirty One gets their hands on us. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Doctor. We've done the best we can with the ramps. The Cardassians obviously didn't have her in mind when they built this place. That still leaves a lot of places around here she won't have access to. It makes sense to me, but she sent word that it wasn't be acceptable to her. I've got the bumps on the head to prove it. Let me know if there's anything else I can do. We've been able to get it to about seventy percent of what we'd get with a standard EPS, but it looks like that's going to be (Enter Melora and Bashir on the turbolift) I'll be damned. Well, you'll get your name into the medical journals for this one. They're in the Orinoco. Docking clamps have been released, thrusters engaged. They're powering up their warp drive. Engaging warp engines. I wouldn't recommend that. [Runabout Orinoco] They've dropped out of warp. Sir, their gravity generators are off. Gravity's been reinstated. All engines are down.
We'll have to reroute the pre-ignition plasma from the impulse deck down to the auxiliary intake to get that much power. But I think we can do it. I agree.
Sorry I'm late. The Transporter in Ops needed a minor adjustment in its upper molecular imaging scanner. but never mind that. All right, let's settle down. Let's settle down! Jake! Nog! Nog! (Nog finally sits down) Thank you. Now we only have two more weeks to get through before Mrs O'Brien returns from Earth, so that shouldn't be too difficult, right? Right. Let's take out our homework PADDs. We'll begin with the older students. Your last assignment was to write an essay defining the term 'ethics.' Let's start with Nog. (Who has been trying to disappear under his desk) Why not? Is that a fact? Any idea who stole it? Hold on. You're saying Vulcans stole your homework?! Any idea why? All right, that's enough. You guess? All right, but I want that essay in tomorrow. Is that understood? I hope so. [Quark's] (The tall alien stands anxious guard upstairs while cackling comes from inside the holosuite) I'll get a crew on it immediately, Commander. Ensign Jonas? We'll muddle through, I imagine. Though I'm counting the days till Keiko gets back. You know how it is, sir. Kids, there's nothing they like better than to take advantage of a substitute teacher. I always did. Jake? He's a fine lad, sir. It's just, well. It's just, if he were my son, I'd find a friend for him other than Nog. Well, I'd find a way to separate them, sir. That Nog's a bad influence. Why not? I doubt that, sir. You see the discoloration around the impact perimeter? These are sorium and argine traces. Exactly. What we have here is a Ferengi locator bomb, designed to lock on to a target's pheromones. Very deadly and very accurate. If Quark hadn't lowered his head at the last second
Twenty-seven. It's unbelievable. (cockney accent) Barkeep. And make it quick. The cabbage crates'll be coming back over the briny any minute now. Hear, hear. So, you want to go back up have another crack at the Jerries? (normal voice) It's not Clive. It's Earth. You probably wouldn't understand this, Quark, but when you care about a place and it's in trouble, and you want to do something about it and you can't, it's very frustrating. Somehow, you telling me that doesn't make me feel the least bit better. Odo, hang on a minute. [Promenade] Look, Odo, do me a favour. If you get a chance, stop by and visit my folks in Dublin. Just make sure they're okay, you know? Good. I'll let them know you might drop by. No one can hold you responsible for what your people are doing. The Lakota's gone to warp. You sound disappointed, Major. Don't worry about it, Major. Nobody does. That's the way they like it. [Starfleet HQ] (A composite of a model and the Tillman Water Reclamation Plant at Van Nuys, California. Outside one of the buildings..)
I don't feel any smaller. There's a comforting thought. Now you're certain we'll return to normal size once we clear the anomaly? No, I'm fine. I'm just not in love with the idea of being small. What are you smirking at? You're as small as I am. The tractor beam's fluctuating. Something's wrong. [Bridge] (Defiant is under sustained attack. An extra's console blows up.) I'm on it. [Bridge] (Bang! One helmsman out cold. Kira takes over.) I think so. That was the easy part. The bad news is the external sensors and the comm. system are down. I can patch around most of the damage, but it'll take time. I'm picking up the Defiant's transponder signal. We can home in on that. The problem isn't at this end. They must have stopped transmitting. Try the shutters. Ask and ye shall receive. (There is a sheet of metal in front of them.) What the hell is that? In the middle of nowhere? I thought you said we'd return to our normal size once we left the anomaly. Are you telling me that I'm going to be this bloody tall for the rest of my life? (five centimetres) In theory. Wait. If we're this big, that means the Rubicon is what, this big? (ten centimetres) And the Defiant's aft plasma vent is this big? (double the Rubicon) Why not? Getting past the anti-backflow valve might be tricky, but once we're inside we've a better chance of attracting someone's attention than we do sitting out here. We've just about reached the bi-polar flow junction, I think. I'm not used to seeing things from this perspective. Once we reach the flow junction we should be able to go up into the secondary warp plasma feed and then exit via the diagnostic panel. Thank you. Uh oh. The magnetic plasma guides are heating up. If I can't find another way out of here, we'll be vaporised. Is that clear? There's a distribution manifold coming up. Take the left conduit, then make a quick right into the relays. So do I. Through the relays. There's an inspection hatch coming up on the right. If we can figure out a way to open the hatch We should be in the engine room near, the warp core. Right. Julian, give me a hand down here. (They open a floor plate. Kira is using a tricorder on a console.) Okay, you should have visual sensors now. The comm. system's back online. I think so. (Magnification 979.85) Very clever. The bridge control lockouts. The Captain's trying to take control of the ship from Engineering. Kira is the only one actually working on the warp drive, and it doesn't look like she's in any hurry to get it done. Nog is the key. He's trying to override the bridge control lockout so he can release the command codes. If he can do that, the Captain can control the entire ship from the operations console. Nog's a smart kid, but it's going to take him weeks to release the codes from here. Not from engineering. If we could get to the bridge, we could release the codes from there. Now what? Looks like we need another ticket into the bridge. Don't hit it too hard. It could shatter the control panel. Well we certainly can't release the control lock while the First has his hand on it. I suppose I could reroute the encryption subprocessors manually. But I'd have to leave the ship to do it. And I have to say I'm not fond of the idea. I can think of about a thousand ways a one centimetre man could get fried walking around inside a circuit housing. Well, that takes care of that idea. And then? We'd pass out. You're coming with me. [Optronic circuitry] (Two little figures beam in amongst a colourful forest of circuit chips.) This might take longer than I thought. (He consults a PADD.) All right. If we beamed into the primary safeties junction, we should see a cluster of heuristic subprocessors next to a rectilinear expansion module. The question is, what does a rectilinear expansion module look like when you're one centimetre tall? Looks like we need to go. Julian, stop! (Bashir is about to sit down.) That chip behind you is carrying twenty microamps of electric current. Now, that's not very much All right, stay right behind me. And don't touch anything without asking. I'm still trying to locate the security protocol interlink. Shouldn't take much longer. All right. Now Yes, we're lost! I can draw these circuits in my sleep. I've just never seen them from this perspective. Julian, there are two dozen six six delta's in the asymmetric encryption circuits alone. That's a four way interlink shunt. I don't know. I told you, they all look the same to me. What? The only four way shunt near a six six delta is at the base of the master differential relay. That's got to be it. That way. [Engine room] That one. No, no, no. That one. Again. Julian. (O'Brien uses his phaser to spot weld it in place.) (gasps) Rubicon. Mission complete. [Engine room] All the Defiant's command functions have been transferred to Engineering. But nothing's happening. Dax, upper rail. He looked as tall as a Seltan carnosaur. We were so close, you could see the veins throbbing in his eyeballs. We swung around and ducked behind the operations console. I knew we had to do was get our sensors back online if we were going to be any help to the Captain and the others. So I said to Julian Of course.
I'd hate to have run into a Jem'Hadar patrol while we were down there picking flowers. The system's coming into visual range. Where else could they be coming from? There aren't any planets in this system. (Shudder, and a planet appears right in front of them.) If it was, there should be residual ionization traces but I'm not reading any. They're hailing us. Are you saying that when you return here, it's as if no time has passed? That's a long time between meals. [Quark's] It'll take a minute to modify its shield configuration. The probe's ready, Commander. Shields are holding. We picked up some additional telemetry. I'll download it to you. According to Deral's calculations, the dimensional shift should occur within the next forty seven minutes. I doubt it. There she goes. It'd better shift soon, or it's going to tear itself apart. [Village square] (The people and buildings become energy but Dax stays solid.) Picking up some kind of singularity in the planet's quantum matrix. It's interfering with the dimensional shift. Commander, it's Dax. Her presence there is destabilising the matrix.
Try it now. Re-route the damned gyrodyne to the damned thruster array. Nog, did you re-route the damned gyrodyne? Try the lateral impulse thrusters and watch your mouth. (to Dax) Access the auxiliary core through the starboard engineering console. Helm control's gone. (Our ship goes into the purple nebula, and the pursuers fly off.) Sensors are gone. Impulse engines offline. In fact, everything's offline. Emergency power's holding for now. I don't know. We must have been hit by some kind of gravitational spike in the Oh, no. I don't believe it! I tore my pants. Yeah, I tore my pants. I guess, I guess I'm really in trouble now, huh? [Kira's quarters] Can you fix it? How long can you hold your breath, Cadet? I might be able to hardwire one of our comm. badges into this sensor array. That would give us a crude transmitter, but no power source. I thought about that, but I'd need a converter to bridge the two power cells, and I can't build a converter without an ion exchange matrix. Are they pulling out? Why aren't they camouflaged? There are rules, Garak, even in a war. What did he say? Captain? (The Vorta has arrived carrying the comm. unit.) Aye, sir.
Evening. Was he rescued? Huh? I didn't know I was supposed to. Oh. Maybe I can get something in Quark's. I hate to think of the big fellow going without. I'm sure Morn would have appreciated it. Can I get you anything? Oh. Perfect. (O'Brien has to thumbprint the tab. Quark turns and walks into Odo.) Trying to fix this optronic relay. I'm keeping Morn's chair warm. You'll have to settle for something else. He's in the back. And from what Broik says, he's not coming out. He loved the guy. Well, I'd better go test this. Oh. Good man. [Quark's quarters]
Captain, you'd better get out here. I'm showing a power buildup in the transporter buffer.
They're erased, all right. I could scan the empty file for traces of recurring data fragments. There's always a faint residue of the original data, if you know where to look. But to unscramble those fragments so they form a coherent pattern could take a while. Not in time to do you any good. But hold on a second. Let me see something. I may not be able to get you the data, but I might be able to find out who erased it. Their retinal scan would've been noted by the authorisation subroutine when they logged on. Sure, but even a fragment of the retinal scan might be enough to identify the user. Here, I'll run a sweep of the authorisation subroutine, see if we can find anything. Okay, these are mathematical representations of fragments of the retinal scan. We can use them to reassemble a portion of the original image. Not bad. Now we'll cross-reference it with the Assembly's main archive. See if we can find out who it is. I think we've got something. (It's Bareil) [Outside the Assembly room] (Another vision.) Everything's under control. Yes, sir. [Outside the Assembly room]
That reminds me. We got a message last night saying the Byzallians want to move their conference up by a week. Well, er. Tomorrow. [Infirmary] Oh, I hadn't planned to. (bumps head) I was just getting a little extra work done on the deflector targeting arrays. (Comes out and stands up.) Commander. I'd heard you were aboard, but I hadn't No, no, no, Major. It's all right. I was just leaving. Commander. (O'Brien leaves.) I can't get a lock. The Defiant's shields are up.
How long was I asleep? You dropped out of warp. We must be close to home. What's that? I didn't know you collected knick-knacks. Oh. I'm sure she'll like it. It's just I didn't get anything for Keiko. You found time to get something. (Odo puts the glass teardrop on it's box. There's another box on the console too.) Not chocolates as well? I'll buy them from you. I'll buy them from you. Oh come on, Odo, you don't have to give her two presents. You've only been gone a day. There's something behind us. You think it's friendly? It's certainly taken an interest in us. (It disappears off to port, then bump!) Uh oh. What? Where'd it go? (There's a noise inside the runabout, moving about, then something oozes from a vent.) Stay where you are or I'll fire. I told you to stay where you are. How do we know he's not a Founder? I hate to interrupt, but shouldn't we get him in a containment field until we're sure he's telling the truth? Miles. Look, I'm sorry. We didn't know who you were at first. You gave us quite a scare when you rammed the runabout. We're not the ones who can disguise ourselves as anything we want. I trust Odo. Great. The environmental system's out again. I'd better go see what the problem is. Where's this fog coming from? Laas? Can't he be fog somewhere else? Still. It's creepy. Good.
Looks like he used some sort of encryption program to bypass the access protocols. Do what?
I was on my way to crossover bridge three to do some repair work on the field modulators when I noticed this. (Spray paint graffiti on the wall in vivid yellow) The Circle, huh. What gives them the right to mess up our station? If they think scrawling a few of signs is going to get rid of us, they've got another think coming. Oh, so she's going to Cardassia Four after all. I doubt she mentioned it to Quark. I see. I could modulate the engine's power emissions, reconfigure the deflector shield grid, and install field buffers around the subspace emitter coil. By the time I'm done, the Cardassians will think they're reading a Lissepian transport. I suppose I have. [Kira's quarters] (Kira is in civilian clothes) Besides, I've seen how the Cardassians treat their prisoners. No one should have to suffer like that. They'll have to catch us first. Right. And what would that be? Understood. Initialising launch sequence. (And off they go) (Later) I estimate another thirty minutes. Can you get a fix on the source? It must be a navigational control post. It's probably just a routine scan. Then again, we could be in serious trouble. We're on the edge of their scanner range. That puts us out of visual contact. I say we try and bluff them. The field buffers must be distorting our power signature. They want to help us? Tell me, Major, who is this Gul Marayn. We're in synchronous orbit above the Hutet Labour camp. I've limited the bioscans to detect only Bajoran lifeforms. Hold on. We're getting multiple readings. There must be about a dozen Bajoran prisoners down there. I'm afraid not. As soon as we beam the first two up, all hell is going to break loose in that camp. The compound is surrounded by a standard Cardassian forcefield. I'll find us a secluded spot to put down. [Labour camp] (It's hot and dry and the prisoners are loading rocks into baskets.) I doubt there's a Cardassian alive who could resist you. So do I. We want to see the Prefect. She has an appointment with him. Then you know why the Prefect doesn't want to be kept waiting, huh? Two strips of gold-pressed latinum, she's all yours. Sure, sure. But no sampling the merchandise until the sale's complete, okay? Gentlemen, I suggest you save this discussion for later, okay? We'll never make it at this rate. Ready to launch, Major. Standing by. I'm picking up two Galor class warships entering orbit. They should be overhead in one minute, forty five seconds. One minute, thirty seconds. If we don't leave now, Major, we never will. Yes, sir. [Airlock corridor]
I never really left it. Just been giving you a chance to get even. Maybe one. I promised Molly I'd do some colouring with her this afternoon. With all this attention focused on the baby, I don't want her to start feeling that we've forgotten about her. You said it. Still, it's worth it. You should give it a try sometime. Why not? I bet you'd make a great father. You mean this programme is going to have all of his personal likes and dislikes? Wow, think of it, Julian. If this thing works, you'll be able to irritate hundreds of people you've never even met. You're sure about that? I wouldn't want this to get back to Julian. Well, the truth is he's an extraordinary person. A real sense of honour and integrity, great sense of humour, warm, caring. You're sure he's not going to read this? We're just working out a few bugs. (He switches off the hologram.) Of course. (O'Brien leaves.) We didn't set them up. They just happened to walk in when the programme was running. Zimmerman thought it would be a idea to test the programme's ability to cope with an unexpected situation. Look, I'm sorry about this. I wish it had never happened, but it has and now we've got a problem. Julian, Zimmerman is going to file a report saying that Doctor Bashir is unsuitable for computer modelling because of his suspected genetically enhanced background. Do you know what's going to happen when that report gets back to Starfleet Medical? Then it's true? You're What were the treatments? Some kind of DNA recoding? In what way did they change you? And no one ever suspected? You're not a fraud. I don't care what enhancements your parents may have had done. Genetic recoding can't give you ambition, or a personality, or compassion or any of the things that make a person truly human. I don't there's been a case dealing with any of this in a hundred years. You can't be sure how they'll react. There must be something we can do. We can't just give up. Oh, Julian. Not your week. Uh-uh. None of that. Especially not in the middle of a game. Ooo, yes! What's that, five in a row? Wait a minute. You haven't been letting me win, have you? You said your hand-eye coordination had been genetically enhanced. I don't believe it. I don't need you to patronise me. I can play at your level. Well play then. Really play. (Bashir throws three quick bull's-eyes. O'Brien collects the darts and takes Bashir back to double the ockey distance.) All right. From now on you play from over here. I play from up here. And if that doesn't work, we'll try a blindfold. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
What happened? You won't get any arguments today, Commander. This'll be the foul line. We need to put a marker here on the floor. No, that's not right. The number twenty needs to be at the top. Trust me, Quark. Darts and bars go together like bacon and eggs. Trust me. They will. It's a game of skill, Quark. And it's not easy. Go ahead. Try and get one in the bullseye. (Quark throws all the darts at once.) No! (Two of the darts land in Morn's padded jacket.) You're not supposed to throw them like that. You throw them gently, one at a time. Like this. [Promenade - upper level] (Mid-throw but he's moved location.) What about the vision I had? It was anything but mild. I really felt I was standing on the Promenade watching myself talking to Quark. He was complaining about some Klingons. He said they'd damaged two of his holosuites. Oh. Well, thank you for your professional opinion. What is it, Quark? Quark, we go through this every time Klingons come aboard the station. Why don't you just (O'Brien and Quark looks across at the earlier O'Brien.) Have you any idea what might have caused this time shift? How? Can you repair it? Well, if anyone can find the cause of the time shifts, it's Dax. No, sir. There was nothing to indicate that it was today, tomorrow, next week. Better. One more. I know, I know. But I've seen it and I can't shake the feeling that it's going to happen despite our precautions. There's something about the way things look, the number of people. There's something a little too familiar about everything. You said you weren't going to let the Klingons back in the bar. Watch the Romulan! (Past O'Brien ducks as the chair flies and vanishes.) Miles? (As the panel is opened O'Brien is shot by a booby trap. He's dead, Miles.) [Infirmary] No, I'm not. In a few hours I'm going to be dead. [Corridor] This is the panel I saw myself open. It looked like a phaser or a high-energy laser came out of the bulkhead. Absolutely. Believe me, I have a pretty vivid memory of the whole thing. I've never seen an emission pattern like that outside of a neutron star. But if there is a singularity nearby why can't we find it? It should also be affecting the gravimetric field signatures. When can we start? I feel like someone just walked over my grave. I mean, I've had a few brushes with death in my career, but there was something about watching myself being killed, feeling my own neck for a pulse that wasn't there. Don't call me that. I haven't told anyone's fortune. Let's get out of here. Can you believe that? I'm being pulled into the future and all he can think about is [Infirmary] (There's no one around except a shrouded body on a bed. O'Brien draws back the sheet to look at himself.) What the hell happened to me, Julian? Well why not? Autopsy? No, no, that's all right. Right. How could you just let me die? Gave up? Yeah? Well, maybe my doctor wasn't [Promenade upper level] (O'Brien keels over.) I, I haven't given up. I won't give up. No, I'm not. You need to run a basilar arterial scan. Because if you don't, I'm going to die in less than five hours. You did. In the future. Better, sir. At certain points in its orbit, the singularity radiates temporal energy at a specific wavelength. That seems to be what triggers my time shifts. Well, we were hoping to station [Runabout] (A lot of people are crowding into the vessel along with our O'Brien.) Now what? Oh, my God. [Ops] We've got a new problem, sir. (after the adverts) There were a series of explosions that rippled across the Habitat ring, but it all happened so fast I couldn't get a clear sense of exactly what was going on. No. No, I'm not sure. No, but I had a very limited view of the area. Commander, there might be another way to find out what's going on. If I could travel into the future again, this time just before the destruction of DS Nine, I might be able to find out what's going to happen and then return to the present in time for us to prevent it from happening. If you could flood my body with high concentrations of delta series radioisotopes, it might trigger a time shift into the future. Oh. Well, if the future happens the way I saw it happen, a lot of people are going to get killed when the station explodes. It's a risk I'm willing to take. There might be a link between the temporal frequency of the singularity and the length of the time shift. Exactly. Understood. [Infirmary] (Bashir puts a device on O'Brien's arm.) What's the margin of error? Right. I won't forget. Julian, there's a message in my quarters for Keiko if Zero two hundred. That's three and half hours into the future. Miles. Miles, wake up! Listen to me. I've jumped ahead and seen your future. Don't ask me how, it'll take too long to explain. There's going to be a disaster. DS Nine will be destroyed. I don't know. That's why I'm here. I have to find out what's going to happen and then travel back into the past and prevent it. It's the radiation. Let's get down to Ops and see what's going on. Help me up. [Ops] Run a sensor sweep of the entire station. Look for anything that might indicate a (BOOM) I can't. I can't get through another shift. It's the radiation poisoning. (He gives the armband to his future self) You go. Just activate it. It's set for the return trip. I'm you, you're me, it doesn't matter. Just go. Go! [Infirmary] Right. Twenty, outer ring. (You mean double top, Miles. Bashir closes his eyes and throws.) It's also a little disturbing. I have this nagging feeling that I don't really belong here. This isn't really my life. Maybe this life belongs to that other Miles O'Brien. Well, I think I'll go to bed. I'm still kind of tired. Quark. Dabo.
I make up the repair schedule according to my assessment of which ships have the greatest need. Well, I suppose I could bring them in tomorrow. That would mean delaying repairs to the Hornet and the Rotarran. Somebody's going to have to explain to General Martok why his flagship was bumped.
Leave me alone, Quark or I'll feed you to one of those plasma conductors. Well, we should be through here by the end of the day, sir. I'm afraid it's going to take some time. About three weeks. We have to replace the graviton stabiliser. But sir, the sector quartermaster said it would take three weeks to get us a new stabiliser. Yes, sir. (Sisko leaves.) Neither do I. Chief, Chief, Chief Willoughby. I don't know. Married? What does that have to do with getting us a graviton stabiliser? I know how he feels. I do the same thing. I don't have time to form a relationship with Willoughby. In three days? All right, butt don't do anything I wouldn't do. At least promise me you won't do anything to get us court-martialed. Nog! Edgar who? I didn't send him any wine. Did you get the stabiliser? What do you mean, not quite? That's it. I'm doomed. What makes you think they're going to give it to us? Trade? For what? Well, I suppose it doesn't hurt to try. But remember, be discreet. Words to live by. What for? Bring them to me and I'll authorise them. I sure hope so. [Runabout Rio Grande] Morning, Lieutenant. Why? Where's the Captain's desk? Nog. Well, he must have traded the Captain's desk for the graviton stabiliser. Don't worry, Colonel. I will get the desk back. Who? Who's Al Lorenzo? What does he want with the Captain's desk? Why? Ha. Well that makes sense. Okay, fine. So once he has his picture, he's going to send us the graviton stabiliser? But we don't need an induction modulator. Ah. So the Musashi's going to send us the stabiliser. We don't need a phaser emitter. And they're willing to give it up for a phaser emitter? Rumour? You've made all of these deals based on a rumour? But what if it turns out not to be true? In a rumour? Who are they? I must have missed that class in Engineering School. This is no time for Ferengi fairy tales. Right now, I'd settle for a stabiliser and the Captain's desk. If it doesn't sink us first. [Runabout Rio Grande] (Weyoun is muttering and twitching.) Rom, where's Nog? Who gave him permission to use a runabout? I never should've given him my authorisation code. Did he say when he'd be back? How could he do this to me? How could he leave me adrift, mid-river without a paddle? You know, the Great Material Continuum. Tell me about it. I suppose the good news is with Nog gone, nothing else can go missing. [Cargo bay] What do you think? I know it's white. I'm going to paint it. Julian, I need help, not sarcasm. If he gets back to the station before the Captain does. Bloodwine? How should I know? Nog. I know. He sent for me. Thanks. [Captain's office] (Sisko's desk is there, and Nog.) Captain, your desk Yes, sir. Captain, I can explain. I was? I mean I was. Er, eight hours. Two it is, sir. [Ops] I don't know how you did it, Nog Like you say, the river will provide. The waters just got choppy again. (Martok hands O'Brien a bottle of bloodwine.) You found the bloodwine. Well, I'm glad you approve. Your cousin Gant? Level Five. What does he want for them? [Kira's quarters]
So, how does it feel to be the youngest nominee in the history of the Carrington award? Your turn. Would you rather play a game of racquetball? Right. So throw a dart. (Bashir misses the 6) So am I. I guess the smart money's on Wade or P'Trell. (The dart bounces off.) I mean, Doctor Wade is very popular but P'Trell is doing some amazing work in gerontological research. Which one do you think will win? Of course, if I had my druthers, the award'd go to you. But let's face it. You don't stand a chance. I mean, I know you're talented, but I bet there're doctors all over the Federation saying, Julian Bashir? Who the hell is he? (And Bashir's dart bounces off again.) I'm glad you agree. How could they give it to Roget? Sorry.
Sounds like an excuse to loaf around while the rest of us work. Oh. Hi, Nog. No, no. I was running a diagnostic in Ops and I noticed a magnetic flux anomaly in the holosuite transilluminator circuits. I didn't realise it was you. You know, Vic's matrix is a little different than your standard photokinetic hologram. He can turn himself off. And if he doesn't want to appear, he doesn't appear. I'm an engineer, not a philosopher. All I know is that when Vic turns himself off, he's off, and ripping out the guts of the holosuite isn't going to change that. Anything else I can do for you? Oh, we, er, we all miss you in Ops.
Computer, set heading one four zero mark three two. Maximum warp. Engage. Time to Parada system? Open a new file, computer. O'Brien, personal log, stardate 47581.2. I've got to try to set the record straight about the last fifty two hours. I don't know who's going to hear this. I don't even know if I'll be alive by the time this log is recovered. I figure they'll be coming after me. If I'm right about this whole thing, they won't want me to warn the Paradas. Coffee, Jamaican blend, double strong, double sweet. I wish I could tell you who they are. That's part of the puzzle I haven't figured out yet. Part of the puzzle, hell. None of this whole damn thing makes any sense. I'm trying to remember the first time I noticed that things were wrong. It seems to me it was, yeah. [O'Brien's bedroom] What are you two doing up so early? At five-thirty in the morning? Coffee, Jamaican blend, double strong, double sweet. Did you have sweet dreams, darling? Don't I get my morning kiss? What did I do to deserve that? Huh? What time did you get to bed last night? I was tired. I guess that trip really took it out of me. The Paradas? They put me through basic training on all the security measures they want in place for the peace talks. Odo would have had a field day. I wish he could have been there. I'll drop Molly at day care on my way to Ops. To school? When you've got all that reading to do? That doesn't make a lot of sense. At five-thirty-five in the morning? If you say so. What's this? Head start? Everybody seems to be getting a head start on me today. DeCurtis, I appreciate your bushy-tailed enthusiasm but I was waiting for Odo to came back from Bajor to do this. We have to realign the entire security net for the peace talks. The Constable might have a few things to say about it all. Sisko gave you permission to start this without asking with me first? I don't think so. I'll check with him all right. Carry on. [Promenade] (O'Brien spots Keiko talking to Sisko, and hides behind a pillar) [Runabout] Computer, how much longer to Parada system? Direct sensors back toward the wormhole. Scan for other warp signatures on this heading. Display. Can you identify? I figured as much. They'll wait for me to drop out of warp and then. Well, we'll have to cross that bridge when we come to it, won't we. Disregard, computer. Continue personal log. Okay, so it was all a little curious but who could've guessed at that point [Ops] What is it, Julian. Excuses? For what? Look, this isn't a good day. What are you doing going to the Commander about my check-up? Forget it. I've got things to do. Commander. Fine. Fine, I'll be there in an hour. (Bashir leaves) Commander, can I talk to you for a minute? [Commander's office] Not upset, exactly. Well, I guess I just felt a little left out of the loop, you know. They may be a little paranoid, but I suppose we would be too if we'd been engaged in a civil war for twelve years. No, nothing too out of the ordinary. It's all pretty much in my report. Sir? Well, I'd have to give it some thought. There was one thing I noticed. I don't know if it means anything or not, but the Paradas have an odour from some kind of skin excretions, I'd guess. It changes with their moods. When they're upset, it can get pretty strong actually. Good idea. I'll see to that. Bigger? That's impossible. I went over that repair work when I got back. The pressure locks seemed to be at maximum efficiency. It can't be anything that serious. I rebuilt that entire subsystem myself. I'll get on it right away. Yes, sir. Oh, by the way, I noticed you and Keiko out in front of the school this morning, talking. Is there anything wrong? I'm sorry to hear that, sir. Keiko's very fond of the boy. I'm sure she'll work that much harder to help him. Are we nearly finished? I believe you've poked into every orifice of my body and created a few new ones. Yes, all of them. Especially euphoria. Lots of euphoria. Look, if you're determined to keep me here until you find something wrong with me, I'll see if I can't grow you a hangnail. Headache. There you go. In fact, I'm getting a very bad one right now. I'm glad you're enjoying this. It's not doctors I have problems with. I don't have a sense of humour. I don't have a sense of humour. That department is none of Starfleet's business, or yours. Oh, come on, Julian. You knew my mother died two years ago. You don't remember me telling you when my father remarried last spring? Me blathering on about this woman I've never met before? Are you finished? This is insane! I haven't had a physical take this long since I was born. Look, unless I'm dying or something, I think it's about time. (pause) Wait. That's it, is it? I mean, there is something wrong with me. That's why everyone seems so strange. Hello, Jake. Sure. What is it? A subspace transceiver model. I used to build them when I was your age. I'll be glad to help. We'll have to clear it with Keiko but I don't think she'll mind. Besides, it's a chance to help get those grades of yours back up, right? How's it coming, DeCurtis? I do, but I thought I'd take a break and check in on your progress. Good. Open it up. I'd like to look it over myself. That's an order. O'Brien to Kira. I'd like the access codes to the Parada quarters. Commander, I spent the last week going over these arrangements with the Paradas. I really need to Yes, sir. (When O'Brien has left, DeCurtis opens the door and goes in. But O'Brien sees from around the corner.) [Promenade] Where'd you get this? I haven't seen one of these since I was a kid. Really, really, old? Don't worry about it. Why don't you come by my place after dinner. We'll see if we can add the rest of the pieces. Jake, did anything unusual happen here at the station while I was in the Gamma Quadrant last? All under control, Major. [Airlock] You could say that. No, Jake's coming over in a little while. I promised to help him with his science project. Really? He seemed okay a few hours ago. Where's Molly? So there's just the two of us, then. The replicator can keep it warm, and I can keep you warm. (He kisses her, but she doesn't respond) What's the problem? Okay, we'll eat. What is it? But you don't like Fricandeau stew. Yeah, but How thoughtful of you. You're not having any? Not hungry? You know, I think I will lie down. I just don't seem to have an appetite right now. Computer, open O'Brien personal log. Play back last sentence. You're right. She wasn't. Continue log. I didn't get much sleep that night. [O'Brien's quarters] Check for traces of any chemical agents with bioactive properties. Any unknown chemical agents? Access internal EM sensor grid. Scan for any evidence of sub-harmonic transmissions. Any unusual neural wave patterns. Any telepathic activity on board. Computer, display all arriving vessels from stardate 47550 through 47571. (It does, first entry USS Yorktown from Theta Omicron IV, Captain H Zimmerman. There's also Captains J Swift and G Gulliver, Gump, JJ Adams, W Clinton, et al) None from the Gamma Quadrant? Coffee, Jamaican blend, double strong, double sweet. You're drinking too much of this stuff, O'Brien. Anything to stay alert, O'Brien. Okay, computer, play back station logs chronologically, starting with stardate 47550. All officers. Vocal. Denied? Access denied to what? The day I got back. Describe the restrictions. I am level one. No, I'm just making sure these upper pylons are in working condition by morning. Odo, we've got a problem. I have to talk to you. Aside from Jake, not one of them was, I don't know, real. I'm not sure who we can trust on the station at this point. Probably. I've asked a few questions, been a few places that might have tipped them off. They'll be keeping close tabs on me. I'd call Starfleet but what could I tell them? My wife doesn't seem like my wife? Sisko's been making security arrangements without consulting me? That's what I was afraid of. Thirty eight hours. Agreed. I'm glad you're back, Odo. Against me? What are you talking about? What are you talking about, Quark? Change the subject. Why do you want to know anything about the Paradas? Which Rule of Acquisition is that? Well, you'll have to find out about the Paradas from someone else. Go ahead. On my way. [Security office] What did you find out? Don't ask me to explain the politics of the situation, but I know they've been fighting the government forces for twelve years. Why? Odo, Sisko's logs indicate that secret messages have been coming from the Parada System. Could those messages have been from the rebels? That's already a breach of the security agreement we made with the Paradan government, and it's a good enough reason for us to cancel these peace talks. What are you talking about? We've got more than enough (pause) They got to you. No, they did. They got to you. (Sisko and Kira enter, armed, and Bashir with a hypospray) Who the hell are you? Thanks just the same. [Promenade] (O'Brien shoots the Bajoran and Starfleet security men, then runs through the airlock) [Corridor] Computer, lock on to my comm. badge. Initiate emergency transport to runabout Rio Grande. Making it tough for me, huh? Fine. You want forcefields, I'll give you forcefields. There. Now, you want to get me, you'll have to release them all. (They do) Thank you. [Habitat corridor] (Jake steps out of a room as O'Brien runs past) Jake, are you okay? Good. Listen to me. Something isn't normal round here. Your dad, the others, something's happened to them. You and I are the only ones who can help. (Jake uses a comm. panel) Sorry, Commander. I have no intention of doing that. If you check your systems, you'll find that the mooring clamps are already unlocked and your tractor beams are offline. O'Brien out. Shields up! (The runabout leaves the station, and DS9 fires at him twice) Are the shields holding, Computer. Transfer emergency life support power to shield generators. Shield status. Full impulse, heading four one mark three three-zero. Computer, open a subspace channel to Starbase four zero one. Priority one, Admiral Rollman. Admiral. Miles O'Brien, Chief of Operations, Deep Space Nine. Admiral, I must apprise you of an emergency situation on the station. There's been some sort of takeover, a conspiracy. I believe it has something to do with the Paradan peace talks. Admiral, you don't understand. I believe Commander Sisko and all of the senior officers have fallen under the influence of something that Computer, new heading. One eight zero mark three one. To the wormhole. (WHOOSH) Coffee, Jamaican blend, double strong, double sweet. Time to Parada system, Computer. How much lead time do we have on the Mekong. That'll disappear in a hurry once we drop out of warp. At least I get to choose where they catch up. Computer, identify the largest planet in the Parada system. Adjust course to approach Parada Four. How many moons around Parada Four? Lucky seven. Display coordinates. Drop to impulse. Status of Mekong? Perfect. How much time have they made up on us? Adjust speed to let them catch up to us in thirty seconds. Come on, I'm waiting for you. Switching. Computer, full impulse, engage. Shut down all engines, all main power systems. Maintain silent running status. Yeah, where did I go? Now you see me, now you don't. What's it going to be, fellas? I can play hide and seek with the best of them. No time for games, huh? Computer, identify Mekong's new heading. Probable destination? Parada Two? What's on Parada Two? Computer, monitor all transporter activity to and from the Mekong. They beamed to the surface? How many people? Anyone left on board? Put us on a course for Parada Two. Take us into synchronous orbit above their location on the surface. [Parada tunnel] (O'Brien beams down into a tunnel cut through rock, and uses the tricorder to find his way to) [Chamber] Having a little unscheduled negotiation with the rebels, are we? No, I've got a better idea. You put down yours first. Do it. (Sisko and Kira comply) You too. (An alien throws down his weapon) Yeah, like a squadron of rebels maybe, huh? Just stay where you are. No? I don't want to hurt you. (Another Paradan shoots O'Brien as Coutu opens the door behind him) He's perfect. He looks just like me. What was he programmed to do? I had more wires attached to my head than you can count. Now I know why. If it were me, I'd be trying to warn somebody there was something wrong at the station. What about her?
What? I heard every word you said. About what? I don't know. Look, what do you want me to say? Look, Julian, you said you wanted to have lunch. We're having lunch. Ah. My mother taught me if you combine eating and talking, you'll end up doing neither very well. The starship Portland and a Cardassian cruiser are still searching the Algira Sector for the runabout. That's not entirely bad news. If the runabout had been destroyed they would have found debris by now, or something to Go ahead, Major. I'm on my way. [Ops] Subspace energy fluctuations, quantum fractures in the electrodynamic field, EM spikes across the spectrum? You've got me. Their weapons are charged but they haven't locked onto us yet. Warp and impulse engines online, cloaking device standing by. Everything looks fine. The power converters are online. The projection matrix looks normal. The cloaking device should be working. You've turned us into sitting ducks for the Jem'Hadar! About ten hours. Repairs are complete, sir. The cloaking device is online. A souvenir of your handiwork. (O'Brien throws a circuit board at Eddington.) Welcome back.
More Jem'Hadar ships come through the wormhole every week. How do we keep them out? I guess they got tired of looking at our backs. Three months of bloody slaughter and what have we got to show for it? Not a damn thing. Engage, retreat, engage, retreat. Just once I would've liked to have gotten a look at their backs. Sorry, sir. Nothing a little sleep won't cure. Damn right they can. Somebody has to. [Medical supply room] Reactor core, check. Induction stabilisers, check. Phaser coils, check. You think? We've been training on this ship for two weeks now. We don't have any more time. We're about to take this ship into enemy territory. We don't want any slipups. Good. Because this ship wasn't designed for chairs. Maybe we should leave you behind. It's not your feet that you need to worry about, it's your stomach. Have you noticed? There isn't a single food replicator anywhere on this ship. Try eating nothing but field rations for three weeks and then tell me it isn't a problem. Or a sandwich. Pull up a chair. We better do something. I hope he knows what he's doing. Yes, sir. I didn't know I'd scored a direct hit. They're too busy chasing the Centaur. Ninety isotons of enriched ultritium should take out the entire storage facility and everything else within eight hundred kilometres. [Jem'Hadar ship control room] I doubt it. Not this fast. Sure. It'll take a couple of minutes. It's tricky. See, Cadet? There was nothing to worry about. (KaBOOM! goes the installation.) It must've gone off early. It doesn't look good. I'm going to have to switch to auxiliary life support. Deflectors are down, guidance system's shot, and The core matrix is fried. We don't have warp drive.
I can retrace their warp trail, see if they met up with any other ships. Based on the residual subspace distortion of their warp drive, I was able to plot the course of the Maquis ship that took Dukat. As you can see, long range sensors show no signs of any other vessels travelling along that route. It's possible. Their course took them past five M Class planets. I've downloaded their coordinates into the Rio Grande's computer. Sounds like the Maquis have had their fill of border skirmishes. They're ready for something bigger. The Xepolite ship isn't responding to our hail, sir. No wonder. It's composed of a sensor reflective material. They obviously value their privacy. Sorry, Commander, you can't transport over. They just raised their shields. Yes, sir. That woke them up. They're hailing us. He's lowering his shields. I don't care how much the Cardassians care about the treaty. If the Maquis launch an assault against a civilian target, the Central Command will have to respond. The best way to detect incoming ships would be to hide a couple of dozen sensor probes in the system's Oort Cloud. That way, we can spot the Maquis no matter what route they take. That's not going to give us much of an advantage, Julian. The colonists are used to being outnumbered. They'll fight just that much harder. Our communications channel is fully operational and secure. The remote sensor probes I set up still haven't detected any sign of the Maquis ships. Commander, they're making a run for it. [Runabout Rio Grande] Major. lower your shields. We'll beam you out of there.
Don't! Don't touch him. He's being spiked. (O'Brien reaches under the energy waves and disconnects the call.) Too bad. That's an expensive piece of hardware. Well, it might not be as bad as it seems. It depends. How much you're willing to pay. No. All right. Who are you? Connelly. Tomorrow morning it is. [Alley] (A clandestine night time meeting.) Bilby asked me to fix these for him. I spiked one of his men while he was interfacing. Well, maybe. But I had to get noticed. I want to get this mission over with and go home. Me, too. That makes five in the last year. So, what do you want me to do now? Right. No, there's no feedback. I told you. How do you know where I live? Where are we going? You tell me. Well, I've pretty much had to get used to the idea that I've got bad luck. I didn't know they were stolen. I guess I should've asked the guy I bought it from, huh? The induction coil is burned out. Sure. What does he want with Klingon disruptors? A little. No, thanks. (lying) It's good. Oh, great. Where are they? No. Your fare? I think so. Lucky them. That's good to know. No, thanks. I'm all right. I didn't say that. To tell you the truth, it's a little dry. There's a Klingon Ambassador here? Gowron mustn't like him too much. No. Bilby doesn't even know. Listen, is there any way I could talk to my wife and let her know I'm all right? I'd better be going. [Tavern] (The disrupters are delivered outside opening hours.) Ah, you know, you have to know who to go to. I've got a better idea. Why don't you stay out of my business? I can't. Well, my supplier would rather remain anonymous. I told him I wouldn't. I stole them. Yeah. From a warehouse down on Degora Street. I thought it was better if you didn't know, you know, in case the police caught up with me. Yeah. I'm sorry. Nice handkerchief. (An alien enters.) Bilby! Smart and careful. Come on. Starfleet? Sure thing. How did you get to someone in Starfleet? If you go, yeah. How did he do it? Nothing. I just find it hard to believe that someone in Starfleet could be bought. Makes me wonder if he's a double-agent. Well, everyone has their price, I guess. (Comm. unit beeps. A text message comes up.) What, in the middle of the night? [Tavern] (The barman busies himself as three people beam in. Two the same race, one very alien, and all in smart black suits.) I think so. I understand. Bilby got it for me. He's like that. I found out who the informer is. Bilby told me he was in charge of the weather control system on Risa about a year ago. Yeah. Raimus brought someone to meet with Bilby. A Vorta. Opens up a lot of possibilities, doesn't it? So do I get to go home now? (Chadwick walks away quickly.) I was afraid you were going to say that. [Tavern] (Krole is plugged into the comm. unit. The Bolian barman is wiping tables.) I'm reading a three tier security protocol. It looks like an isolation matrix is protecting the data. You'll have to bypass the encryption lockouts. Watch out for recursive dataloops. You don't want to get diverted into a backflow. Sweep the matrix. Give me an access point. Initiating data transfer. I'm trying. Got it. Get us out, Krole. Faster. They're tracing you. Move. We did it. Maybe you should go with a different bank. Very nice, but, er I don't want to, you know I appreciate that, but, but I have a girlfriend. A few days. A week. I don't know. I don't know. It didn't come up. Er, we've got some business to discuss so why don't you go on ahead home and I'll call you in a couple of days. Okay? (O'Brien pays her.) Thanks for coming over. It was really nice to meet you. (He sees her out of the apartment.) Her name's Kimiko. She works in a flower shop. Arranging flowers. Yeah, I will. I don't know if it's that serious yet. Oh, yeah? Really? I thought you changed mine. Sorry. Nah, nothing's happened with that yet. I was just doing something with Bilby. We went to the races. We came out ahead. Well, you told me to get close to him. He wanted to go, so I went with him. Bilby's witnessed for me. What's going to happen to him when you pull me out? They're going to kill him, aren't they. All right. [Tavern] (Our gang of four enter, laughing.) What did he do? I see. You want it to look like he was killed by a rival House? Not really. You're going to make it look like Gowron ordered the assassination. Makes sense. Bilby asked me the same thing. I figured out a way to interrupt the power grid for a few seconds. Bilby and his men will be able to beam in before the backup generator kicks in. Tonight. What are you talking about? If the Klingons get their hands on Bilby and his men, they'll kill them. You're setting them up to be murdered? Oh yeah, we just get Klingons to do it for us. I'm sure you won't. Pulling me out? You told me we were going to make a case against Bilby. You told me he was going to prison! Chadwick. (O'Brien knocks him out.) [Bilby's apartment] (Mealtime for the cat.) We need to talk. You can't go. Look, just trust me. You can't go. It's a trap. Listen to me. The Klingons know what you're planning to do. Someone traced my signal when I accessed the power grid. No, they just made me think I had. You're the one who should be worried. Do you have any idea what the Klingons will do to you when they catch you? Yes, they will! Starfleet Intelligence will warn them you're coming. What if I said I did. I am. I am working for Starfleet. I couldn't just let you go. The Klingons will kill you. What if I can get you off Farius, find you a place to hide? Well then, turn yourself in. You'll be safe in prison. But you can't just let them kill you. I never meant for this to happen. I wasn't after you. I was just trying to find out how the Syndicate compromised Starfleet. I'm sorry, Bilby. Yeah. I'll never forget the look on his face when he found out who I really was. I knew he wouldn't. Julian, don't you understand what I'm trying to tell you. Bilby trusted me. He put his life in my hands and I killed him just as surely as if I'd pulled the trigger myself. Is that what I'm supposed to tell myself?
There's someone here to see you. It's Nog. [Commander's office] He says it's urgent. [Commander's office]
Er, a home run hit when the bases are crowded. A what? Thirteen hundred. Holosuite four. [Ballpark] (Sisko and Jake are running and passing a ball between them until Sisko gets to the pitcher's mound.) Oh, come on, Quark. (Rom misses a throw straight at his mitt.) I'm sorry, sir. I was really looking forward to the game. Great. Which one was first base? We'll be there. (Sisko and Jake leave) And us. Yeah, this game is supposed to be fun, not a life or death struggle. I'm not eating, I'm chewing. Gum. It's traditional. I had the replicator create me some. No, they infused the gum with flavour. Scotch. Here, try some. And now he's trying to beat the Captain at his own game. Now there's something worth fighting for. Right? (O'Brien puts his hand on the table. Kasidy puts hers on top, then Ezri and the rest.) Okay, Niners, let's go, let's go, come on. Show these guys. What? You're right. What are you standing around for? You never seen a man thrown out of a game? Come on, get your gloves and get on that field. Let's go! Come on. Quark, wake up, you're in right. Julian, you're on second, Leeta, you're in left. Come on, let's go, let's go! We got a game to play. Come on, move it. He didn't touch home, Nog. Just tag him out! Jake, cover home! (At the Vulcan dugout.) Yay! Nog, well done. Why? What? (Enter Rom in uniform.) Time! You're up, Rom. Sit down, Quark. Go ahead, Rom. Julian. What was that thing called, you know, when you just tap the ball down the baseline? That's it, a bunt. We've to give him the sign. Rom! (O'Brien and Bashir tap their arms and then their caps.) With a hint of anger.
Doctor, start the sequence or we will be here a month. What? It worked, didn't it? Would somebody say something? I've purged every file in the T'Lani and Kellerun data banks pertaining to harvesters. If anyone gets it in their head to build these things again, they'll have to start from scratch. Thank you, sir, but Doctor here deserves the bulk of the credit. The Doctor's just being modest, sir. He was the one who came up with muon rays as a possible solution. Soon, I hope. It's been a long week. I suppose another day won't kill me. We will be, too, if we don't get out of here. O'Brien to Ganges. Computer, activate remote transporter sequence. O'Brien to Ganges. We sure as hell can't stay here. We'll have to beam down to the surface. I'm programming the system to overload thirty seconds after we transport. Let's go. [Quark's] Wait. Don't touch anything. They could be booby-trapped. The Cardassians used to rig the supplies they left behind with pressure grenades. I've seen more than one soldier permanently lose his appetite that way. It looks all right. No. Federation rations. I've had enough T'Lani food this past week to last me a lifetime. I still can't figure it. Why would the Kelleruns wait till the harvesters were destroyed before they made their move? Maybe they're convinced they can defeat the T'Lani with conventional weapons. Wait. Listen to me, Julian. The Kelleruns are going to expect us to be on the move. If we start running, their sensors'll pick us up before we've gone a kilometre. If we stay still maybe, just maybe, it'll take them longer to find us. The way I see it, we have only one chance to survive this thing that's to stay alive long enough for Commander Sisko to find us. I said it was our only chance, I didn't say it was a good one. (some computer equipment) What have we here? Looks like some kind of comm. system. Maybe we can contact the T'Lani from here. I'll have to open it up, see if there's a backup power supply. Why don't you take a seat, Doctor? Extension courses? Julian, do you really want to help? Then let me do my job. Fine. Why don't you do that. [Commander's office] (Watching the sensor recording - as the last canister brought in as O'Brien is by a panel with a mug of coffee) I've purged every file in the T'Lani and Kellerun data banks pertaining to the harvesters. If anyone gets it in their head to build these things again, they'll have to start from scratch. Hold on, what's this? I don't know. Closing the last file seems to have activated some kind of security programme. It looks like it was part of the original operating system. I can't shut it down. Do you know anything about this? It's not responding (And everyone on screen vanishes) I wish you'd stop asking me that. Just keep your eyes open for any Kellerun soldiers. It's such a mess in here. I'm not blind, you know. Just because you're married doesn't mean you stop looking at women. Women. That's all you ever think about Yeah, well, one of these days you'll fall in love with one. Not work out? Fair? Well, you career officers don't know what you're missing. What about me and Mrs O'Brien? What? Say that again? That's the first intelligent thing you've said since we got here. (O'Brien gets a blanket from the supplies and puts it over his shoulders) Yes. Aren't you? I'm fine. (Bashir scans him.) I don't want to sitting down. I've got work to do. Why? You have something to tell me, Doctor? It's my eyes. They're getting fuzzy. What makes you think you can fix this? Maybe. Just for a minute. Or two. You see the dark blue coil in the upper right hand corner? It's there, beside the green cylinder. Just below it. You have to lock the base of the coil into the tiny receptor just below it. [Quark's cafe] If anyone gets it in their head to build these things again Yeah. They need to be cleaned. Don't worry. I'm not going anywhere. So who was she? (imitating Bashir) Not quite close. And she was crazy about you? Good, good. Put it back in the comm. panel. (Lights flicker as it comes to life.) Try retuning the RF oscillators. So what happened with you and Palis? But you would have to give up your Starfleet career. You made your choice. Let me take a look. Argh. It's my legs. I can't feel them. [Runabout Rio Grande] You'll have to switch to a higher carrier frequency. Reset the actuators on the chamber's coil. They'd better get here soon. In a box, maybe. I'm not giving up, I'm dying. Listen to me, Julian. You must tell Keiko and Molly You were wrong, you know, about marriage. Listen to me, Julian. You're always talking about adventure. Ha, adventure! Marriage is the greatest adventure of them all. It's filled with pitfalls and setbacks and mistakes, but it's a journey worth taking because you take it together. I know Keiko's been unhappy about us coming to the station. We still argue about it. But that's all right, because at the end of the day, we both know we love each other. That's all that matters. Tell me, Julian, ever talk to that ballerina of yours? Maybe you should. Wait. Help me up. I want to die on my feet. You did your best. It's been an honour serving with you. What's this? It's lovely. She's really talented. Better. Can I go home now? What did I say? Oh, right. Julian. He's never going to let me forget it. It was hell. You can see for yourself the man never stops talking. You know, I wouldn't mind a cup of coffee right now. Sure I do.
With all due respect, Major, I'd rather see Julian take care of him. I hope you're right, Major. I hope you're right. [Guest quarters] (Sisko is in front of an Orb, and Winn is praying in front of a shrine.)
Message from Cardassia. It's from Gul Dukat. [Captain's office] He's demanding to speak to you. They're hailing us. They've locked weapons on the station.
So how's my baby boy? Did he? Maybe I can clean it up. It says Jem'Hadar, and then some coordinates I can't make out. Build up and then It ends with imminent. I'm picking up an increase in neutrino levels. Something's coming through. Weapons ready. It's the Defiant. What help can we expect from Cardassia? We'll have to remodulate the deflector grid frequencies and rig a phase-conjugate graviton beam. Creating a precisely modulated graviton field to seal the wormhole isn't going to be as easy as Lenara thought. Julian. What are you doing up this early? (The changeling Doctor has brought a tray.) You're a gentleman and a scholar. Nearly ready. Ready. Someone sabotaged the emitter array.
What are you talking about? I didn't realise you were keeping track. If you hadn't seen your wife and child for two months, you'd be irascible too. I doubt that. I don't know. Fifteen, maybe twenty. I could've told you that sixty games ago. Thing is, they're only going to be here for two days. That's barely enough time to say hello. Then they're back to Bajor again for four more months. Oh, no. I can't do that. I'm the one who suggested she go on this agrobiology expedition in the first place. No, we're just going to have to make the best of the little time we have. Which means we can't waste a second of the next two days. [Promenade] Major. Keiko. Good luck. Keiko, I'm so glad to see you. (Keiko and Molly sit on the step.) Oh really? I'm sorry to hear that. Now that you're here, everything's going to be great. Hello, sweetie. You ready to have a great time with your Dad? Why not? Really? Oh. Tell Daddy what's wrong. (We don't see it, but she throws up in his lap.) Is she asleep? That's a relief. Rough trip? Well, I'm glad you're home. We should get ready for the Festival. The babysitter'll be here any minute. On the other hand, we could spend the rest of day locked away in our quarters. Then maybe you should. That's okay. If you need to sleep, go ahead. I'll understand. Look, go or stay, sleep or don't, it's all the same to me. Just tell me what you want to do and we'll do it. Okay. We'll go to the Festival. But we don't have to go right away. I mean, you can take some time to relax and change into something nice. Yeah, like your red dress. Is there something wrong with your red dress? That's the way I like it. Forget the red dress, okay? Just wear whatever you want. Fine. (Keiko goes into the bedroom.) I can hardly wait. [Outside the Shrine] (A child strikes a gong to summon the people. Kira stands on a dais.) So, what do you say we take a walk around the Promenade for a little while? You know, I haven't sat here since you've been gone. So, how's the survey been going? Really? That's good. What do you mean, longer? How much longer is it going to take? Try a guess. An extra couple of days, a week, two? You're telling me you're going to be on Bajor for another seven months? Maybe that's something worth considering. No. But another seven months? You just said you were having a great time. I didn't say that. Who's Sebarr? And who's he to be giving you advice? A friend? I thought you were down there working. Yeah, with time out for intimate little chats about our relationship. What else did you tell him about us? I want you to say that you're not going back, that you're going to stay here with me. Fine. Go on, leave. Go back to Bajor and your plants and Sebarr. See if I care. [Promenade - upper level] Just a little headache, that's all. What for? There isn't a scroll long enough to hold all my problems. What was I supposed to do? Force her to stay here with me? That's your solution, Quark, huh? Treat women like property? If Ferengi marriages are so wonderful, why are you still single? Well, I have. She just walked out that door. Not if I can help it. [Corridor] Hi, sweetie. Feeling better? Ah, that's what I wanted to hear. Where's Mommy? Well, listen. Why don't you go and play with Piggy in your room for a while and we'll see if Daddy can cheer Mommy up? (Molly leaves) Keiko? It's me. Can I come in? You're right. I'm an idiot, sometimes. When I don't get my way, I can be selfish and childish and pigheaded. I said some things to you that were pretty stupid. I wish I could take them back. But even if it's too late for that, there's one thing I want you to know, Keiko. I love you. I always have, and I always will. I want you to know I've left a letter of resignation on Commander Sisko's desk. I'm ready to move down to Bajor with you tomorrow, if you'll have me. And after that if you want to move back to Earth, that's okay too. I'll do whatever it takes. I just don't want to lose you. Honey, did you hear what I said? And? If that's what you want. [Corridor] (Lwaxana has Odo on one arm and Bashir on the other.) Who? You're better off. In the end, they only break your heart. (Keiko enters, in the red dress) Although sometimes it's worth it. You look beautiful. Mmm hmm. (grabbing his lobes) She's taken, Quark. That's right. My headache was just a headache. I never was affected by Mrs Troi. Nothing latent about it. Weren't you paying attention last night? So do you. Take good care of Mommy, honey, okay? I'll be here. (Keiko and Molly leave. O'Brien catches a racquet.)
Sir, I need to talk to you. It's kind of private. Actually, I thought we might go to my place. (O'Brien sticks a weapon in Sisko's back.) Get on the transporter pad. Move. (O'Brien runs a device over Dax's console.) Computer, energise on my command. (O'Brien joins Sisko on the pad) Energise. [Raider] (This is not a standard federation ship.) I guess you could say we just stepped through the looking glass. [Raider - quarters] Sit down. Make yourself comfortable. That was a pretty nice move. Of course, it doesn't change anything. You can't go home unless I reconfigure the transporter, and I'm not about to do that. I guess you've got a lot of questions. You know where we are? You're quick. Just like our Sisko. That saves me having to give you a history lesson. But I'd better update you on current events. Since your officers left here, we've started a rebellion against the Klingon-Cardassian Alliance. We're fighting for our lives. It has everything to do with you. You were the leader of the Terran Rebellion. At least, our Benjamin Sisko was. Captain Sisko's dead. The Cardassians blew up his ship. Like I said, you're quick. Wait. Hear me out. I'm not asking for a lifetime commitment. All I need is for you to finish the mission Sisko was on when he was killed. At least let me tell you about the mission. And then if you decide not to help, I'll send you home. There's a Terran scientist working for the Alliance. Our sources tell us she's close to completing a new transpectral sensor array that will allow the Alliance to locate our bases in the Badlands. Without a safe place to hide, the Alliance will be able to track us down and kill us all. Captain Sisko was convinced he could change her mind, get her to work for us instead. She was his wife. (O'Brien gives him a picture.) You know her? Not here she isn't. Not yet, anyway. Unless you can persuade Professor Sisko to join our cause, we'll have no choice but to kill her. We cannot let her finish the sensor array. It'd mean the end of the rebellion. You're the only one who can save her. [Intendant's quarters] (A scene of decadence with slaves and eunuchs) You get us Jennifer, you can have anything you want. I just hope you can convince her to leave Terok Nor. Oh, she knew. The truth is, she and Captain Sisko didn't get along too well. Then again, the captain didn't really get along with anyone. In some ways the rebellion's better off without him. Don't get me wrong, the captain knew how to fight but that's about all he knew. (Transporter alcove) Ready? You'd better start calling me Smiley. That's what the Captain called me. I just wish we had more time to get you ready. I probably haven't told you half of what you need to know. I hope you don't run up against too many surprises. Of course he's alive. You can't kill the Captain. He's too ornery. You are, technically. She's your mistress. (sotto to Sisko) Hit him. That's what the Captain would do. Go on, hit him. You've been saying that all along. Easier, but not smarter. If she's that important to the Alliance, think how important she could be to us. We could use a scientist on our side. Think about it. Who knows what other weapons the Alliance is developing. Someone like Professor Sisko could counteract anything they come up with. I can't help it. It itches. I hope this works. You did pretty good back there. I don't think anyone suspected you weren't Captain Sisko. At least not once you hit Bashir. I guess seeing her isn't going to be easy for you. How long's it been since your wife died? Well just remember, Jennifer may look like her, but she's not. She's a completely different person. From what I heard, they never should've been together in the first place. She came from one of the few privileged Terran families, people who cooperated with the Alliance. The captain he fought his way up from the mines. I don't know. They'd separated by the time I got to know the captain. What was your Jennifer like? I wouldn't get my hopes up. Hold on. I'm reading a slight energy distortion in subspace. It's coming from all around us. (A Cardassian and a Klingon ship uncloak.) You know, Captain Sisko would try to fight his way out of this. I wanted to be free. It took him long enough. [Guest quarters] Re-routing the central ODN processor. The Intendant's orders. You don't say? (There are bangs, the lights flicker and the doors open. O'Brien grabs the Cardassian's phaser and shoots another guard while the workers take care of another.) All right, anyone who wants to get out of here, follow me. Come on. [Corridor] Hey! (The Cardassians are killed in the crossfire. Yeah. The only problem is there's thirty more of them behind us. Come on. [Airlock] (Rom's body is fixed across the airlock) We've got to find another way out of here. If we surrender, she'll kill us. Only a couple of levels. Sure. It's easy for you to say. (O'Brien dashes forward under fire, pulls the levers and gets back before the doors shut tight) [Ore processing] I don't know what you're up to, Captain, but there's no way out of this room except through that door. Ready, Captain?
Give it a chance. Let me taste. (A long mouthful then) Quark! I'm not paying for that. I want to get her off caffeine, not poison her. Look, I just don't want my son to be born with a caffeine habit, that's all. Excuse me, this is not the first baby I've had. We're three days away at best.
