Even without weapons, we're more than a match for you. And for that we shall take advantage of their mistake. Tell them nothing. This is not their concern. You requested my presence. So I am told. Luckily for you, the only thing I despise more than the Federation is a Jem'Hadar soldier who breaks his vow of allegiance. That's as it should be. After all, I'm the First. Until the traitors are found and terminated. After that, we shall see. Am I dismissed? Jem'Hadar tactics dictate at least twenty seven soldiers are stationed inside the base camp at all times. Nine will patrol the perimeter. Additional troops are deployed throughout the city. A hundred and sixty two in the original garrison. We killed at least twelve during the initial rebellion. It is not for us to accuse a god of betraying heaven. The gods themselves will sit in judgement over you. Second! Release the Klingon or I will kill you where you stand. (They let go of each other.) That's correct. Your crew failed in their mission. There was no third guard. In battle, nothing is certain. You should have armed the explosives as soon as you were in position. If you couldn't secure the room, you should not plan on leaving it. This is a waste of time. They'll never succeed as long as they value their lives more than victory. Would you prefer I lied? The only way my troops can come to respect your crew is to fight alongside them. Mixed teams in every aspect of the mission. Why not? You fool. My men and I, we know all about the Gateway. It doesn't matter how we know. The point is, we know. You think you have to lie to us and use the white to ensure our loyalty. But the fact is, we are more loyal to the Founders than the Vorta ever will. It is the reason for our existence. It is the core of our being. And for that, they will die. Your concern for life is touching. Let's hope it doesn't stop us from achieving our objectives. It's time. We pledge our loyalty to the Founders from now until death. Resume your training. You again. You knew my orders. And you shall have it. (Omet'iklan stands behind Toman'torax and kills him.) Why are you waiting? Kill him and be done with it. You call that discipline? You think I enjoyed it? Toman'torax was my Second. He served under me three years. I valued him. I did what had to be done, what any First would do. I placed the good of the unit above my personal feelings. Any soldier who cannot follow orders is a danger to his unit and must be eliminated. You are weak. You should die in his place. And when this mission is over, I will see that you do. [Defiant Corridor] (Weyoun comes out of his cabin.) I'm waiting. (Sisko nods) Deactivate safeties. Reset weapons to maximum power. Wait. I am First Omet'iklan, and I am dead. As of this moment we are all dead. We go into battle to reclaim our lives. This we do gladly, for we are Jem'Hadar. Remember. Victory is life. You betrayed us. Our rifles have been sabotaged. I suppose you want to call off the mission. The way is clear. I threatened to kill you, but you were still willing to sacrifice yourself to save my life. Why? That was for questioning our loyalty. I think there's been enough killing for one day. My men and I will remain here. There are still disloyal Jem'Hadar on this planet. They must be hunted down and eliminated. You fought well. But the next time we meet, we'll be enemies.
