You're a writer. I could see you were somewhere else. Some place you were inventing. I can spot a creative soul a galaxy away. My name is Onaya. Do you live here? I love Cardassian architecture, the way things flow together. Kell used to say that every element had to be of a piece, yet have a beauty all it's own. I knew him when he was in exile. He was shy, unsure of himself and his talent. Most people would never notice someone like him, but I have a weakness for artists. When I first met him, they were as timid as he was. I was always telling him to stop censoring himself. I've found artists have a weakness for me as well. At least, I hope they do. He accomplished more in the years that he had than most people could in a dozen lifetimes. His name is known throughout the quadrant. His buildings will stand for centuries to come. Isn't that what an artist wants, to be remembered? Isn't that why you write? There's no reason to hide your ambition, Jake. It's nothing to be ashamed of. I think it's what makes artists so compelling. So what are you doing to make sure you will be? You already have the talent inside you. I can see it. You just need someone to help you bring it to the surface. There are ways. Exercises. Techniques. Come to my quarters tonight. Come in. [Onaya's quarters] (Lots of drapery and candles, very romantic.) I don't need to. It's what you're going to be writing next that interests me. You seem nervous, Jake. That's understandable. You should be nervous when you start something new. Although maybe not this nervous. Haven't you ever been alone in a woman's quarters before? Whatever you're thinking, put it out of your mind. You're here to work. (She settles him on the settee) Now, what's the most ambitious story you ever wanted to tell? So many it all seems so big to you right now. You're afraid that you can't do it justice? But I'll bet you know what the first line is. I have something I want to show you something. (She hands him a case. He opens it.) Revalus used it when he wrote The Wait. (It's a pen.) I told you I have a weakness for artists. I want you to have it. There's more. (She moves the PADD aside and replaces it with stack of paper.) Here. Revalus used to say that a writer should put pen to paper as if he were a painter putting brush to canvas. It's part of what he called visceral writing. It's one of the techniques I told you about. That's why you're here. (Onaya goes behind Jake and puts her hands on his shoulders.) Isn't it? The opening line of your novel. Write it down. (Jake writes - From my window it looked like the ) Now keep going. Write whatever comes to you. The idea is to create a stream of consciousness and see where that takes you. You can edit later. Just write the first thing that comes to mind. I won't look. (She starts to stroke the back of his neck and head.) Let the words tumble out of you. Don't censor them. Feel the pen in your hand, the texture of the paper. Let yourself fall into a rhythm. You feel where my thumbs are? That's your foramen magnum. It's a focal point of the body's bioelectric field. There's another one here. (his temples) The Vulcans call them qui'lari. The Indians of ancient Earth called them shakras. I know how to stimulate them to make you feel restful or energised or even creative. (Jake has written - succumbed, letting the feelings engulf me. Images flooded my ) I told you I could help you. Let the words flow, Jake. (He goes onto another page.) Let them flow. (She gathers golden energy from Jake's head in her hands.) Yes, that's it. Let them flow. [Odo's quarters] (Lwaxana is checking the objects in the room, looking for something. She arrives at a fine metal mesh.) It's amazing, isn't it? (Onaya is blissed out on his creative juices.) (A drop of blood falls onto the paper. Onaya stops what she's doing.) Jake. You should rest. Jake, you should rest. Your father will be home soon. You should be there. Enough. (She takes the pen from him.) You're pushing yourself too hard. And you will. I promise you. But if you rest now, your work will be even better. You'll come back later? Come with me, Jake. It's time to finish what we started. (Later again, CSI O'Brien is scanning the wall) Keep going, Jake. The moment I saw you, I knew you were worthy of what I could give you. But I can't stay with you forever. This is your chance to create something that will live on, long after you're gone. (Jake's nose starts bleeding again, so Onaya gives him a handkerchief.) There. It will stop in a minute. [Conduit] What's wrong? Let me help you. (She holds the paper and his right hand for him.) That's better, isn't it? (She goes back to taking his golden energy. Sisko jumps through the upper hatch.) It's not what I am that matters, it's what I do. You don't know the minds I've touched. Catullus, Tarbolde, Keats. a hundred others. I unlocked their potential. They all die in the end, but look what I gave them in return. Immortality. Their names will live on forever. What I need to survive so I can go on, find others and unlock their talents as well. He was the youngest I ever found. So eager, ready to give everything he had in one great burst. What a waste. I will never forget you, Jake. (Onaya starts to turn into golden energy.)
