I apologise for the condition in which we greet you. Your arrival has been greatly anticipated. (She caresses his left ear.) Have you ever explored your pagh, Commander? A Bajoran draws courage from his spiritual life. Our life-force, our pagh, is replenished by the Prophets. (She squeezes the lobe.) Breathe. Breathe! Ironic. One who does not wish to be among us is to be the Emissary. Please, come with me. (She touches a control and the pool reveals itself to be a hologram hiding a staircase downwards) [Secret cavern] You are correct that Bajor is in grave jeopardy, but it is the threat to our spiritual life that far outweighs any other. Commander. I cannot give you what you deny yourself. Look for solutions from within, Commander. Come with me. (She opens a case to reveal a floating, green glowing bolus - an Orb) The Tear of the Prophet. [Vision - Beach] Nine Orbs, like this one, have appeared in the skies over the past ten thousand years. The Cardassians took the others. You must find the Celestial Temple before they do. Tradition says the orbs were sent by the Prophets to teach us. What we have learned has shaped our theology. The Cardassians will do anything to decipher their powers. If they discover the Celestial Temple, they could destroy it. This will help you. I can't unite my people till I know the Prophets have been warned. You will find the Temple. Not for Bajor, not for the Federation, but for your own pagh. It is, quite simply, Commander, the journey you have always been destined to take. [Jake's room] (Jake is sleeping on the floor and wearing a baseball glove when Sisko goes in to put a blanket on him) What are you? Prove it? We cannot give you what you deny yourself. Look for solutions from within, Commander.
Contemplating prophecy. A shame. Thank you. You have a child, don't you? Yes. (takes off a necklace) Would you give this to her for me. [Runabout Yangtzee Kiang] Thank you again for indulging me. More than I imagined. A doorway into the unknown. I'm glad I got the chance to see it. If that is to be my fate, Commander. So soon? Prophecy can often be vague, Commander. That's why we must test it. You may return. You're not going to investigate it now? Because of my presence? Please, Commander. I don't get out often. The surface was approaching so quickly, I must admit I closed my eyes, Commander. There was a deafening whine. I felt the impact. A wall of heat seemed to pass through me, and then nothing. Dead. (Kira leads Opaka away) How did your fight begin? Then what do you hope to gain by continuing? This is not your war, Kira. You can't bury it, Kira. Do you recognise yourself in these people? Jus what impression do you think I have? Don't deny the violence inside of you, Kira. Only when you accept it can you move beyond it. In the eyes of the Prophets, we are all children. Bajor has much to learn from peace. They're just waiting for you to forgive yourself. [Runabout Rio Grande] I'm not at all surprised. You were right, Kira. They don't know how to do anything else but die. They've forgotten how to live. I'll be staying, Commander. This is the answer to all the prophecies of my life. I didn't know how or why, but when we came through the wormhole, I knew I wouldn't be returning. You must tell our people, Kira, that I have answered the call of the Prophets. I was brought here because it is time for these people to begin their healing process, just as you were brought here to begin yours. [Runabout Rio Grande] My work is here now, Commander. But your pagh and mine will cross again.
Be at peace, my child. You must be strong. Now more than ever. All is as the Prophets will it to be. As you will learn. Follow me. Heed her words. You must. It is your destiny. You must not refuse their offering. Take it, my child. Its venom will make you stronger. (Bareil pulls a hangman's noose from the box.) [Holding cell] May the Prophets comfort you, my child. May they comfort us all. [Orb Shrine] (Bareil closes the orb box and there is a knock on the door.)
Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Know you? How can I know someone who doesn't know himself? (She vanishes and the lights come back on.) [Infirmary] Why? Why do you stay here? We are of Bajor. You are of Bajor. [Runabout] (Sisko is on his own in the middle of the wormhole.) [O'Brien's quarters]
