I am Kotan Pa'Dar. Where is my son? At least they didn't change his name. On Bajor. He had just had his fourth birthday. He probably doesn't even remember me. Does he? I don't think I understand. Yes, I've heard those stories. Well, I suppose after growing up among the Bajorans. But now that I'm back in his life. I am his father. Mister O'Brien, I know very little about human culture. I don't know how you view the family. Then I expect you can imagine what I'm feeling right now. On Cardassia, family is everything. We care for our parents and children with equal devotion. In some households, four generations eat at the same table. Family is everything. And I have failed in my responsibilities to my family. I should have tried harder. I should have looked everywhere. To abandon my son, to allow him to be raised a Bajoran. I have disgraced that everything a Cardassian believes in. (Keiko enters, followed by a reluctant Rugal) Hello, Rugal. Do you remember my face? Even a little? Would you like to see some pictures of you when you were a child? Rugal, you have to understand. There was nothing left of the house after the attack. Your mother was dead and you. I cried for you, Rugal. I missed you so much. I could not even stay on Bajor. It was too close to the happy memories of you. I understand why you say that. Rugal. I have no intention of allowing a Bajoran court to rule on the custody of my son. He is my natural born child. As Cardassian law clearly stipulates No, Commander. You are a father too. You would be acceptable to me. We have disagreed in the past, but Commander, I don't see The government has not chosen to reveal it to the people yet. It will be the end of my political career. The timing? Yes. Your doctor has given me the leverage I need, Commander. Dukat will never allow these events to be made public now, and I certainly won't choose to discuss them. A stalemate. You've helped me salvage my political career. I won't forget that. Well, yes, we'll see. Hello, Rugal. Ready to go? (Rugal walks through the airlock) I suppose it'll take time. [Replimat]
