(Rene Auberjonois) What's wrong now, Herb? That's it? That's what you called me out here for, to complain about the doughnuts? Delicious. I have been eating doughnuts my whole life. These weren't baked more than six hours ago. Ha! Galaxy, that rag? You want to write Galaxy, go ahead, but they're not going to pay you four cents a word for your stories. What if I promise you fresh doughnuts tomorrow? I'll even throw in a couple of crullers. Good. Now that we've finished with the old business, onto the new. Time to hand out next month's story assignments. Ritterhouse! We're waiting. (Enter the resident artist with paint stained smock.) All right, I've titled this one 'Please, Take Me With You.' Who wants it? (A little girl standing in the woods near a picnic table, staring at two aliens in space suits.) All right, I haven't got a title for this one yet. Anybody got any ideas? All right, next order of business. Some of our readers have been writing in wanting to know what you people look like. Well our publisher has a better idea. Mister Stone has decided to run a picture of you in next month's issue. Necessary? I'm afraid it is. Kay, you can sleep late that day. It's not personal, Benny, but as far as our readers are concerned, Benny Russell is as white as they are. Let's just keep it that way. That's literature for liberals and intellectuals. The average reader's not going to spend his hard earned cash on stories written by Negroes. I'm sorry, Benny. I wish things were different, but they're not. Come on, Benny. It's just a photo. All right, enough standing around. Get back to work. [New York Street] (As Benny comes out of the Arthur Trill building, 1290 somewhere, the breeze takes the picture of DS9 down the street where someone steps on it. Benny reaches down for it.) Don't waste your time. You, back to work. You too, Roy. Oh, I like it all right. It's good. It's very good. But you know I can't print it. Oh, come on, Benny. Your hero's a Negro captain. The head of a space station, for Christ's sake. People won't accept it. It's not believable. Stay out of this, Herb. Look, Benny, I'm a magazine editor, I am not a crusader. I am not here to change the world, I'm here to put out a magazine. Now, that's my job. That means I have to answer to the publisher, the national distributors, the wholesalers and none of them are going to want to put this story on the newsstand. For all we know, it could cause a race riot. Herb's been angry ever since Joseph Stalin died. You know exactly what it means. I loved it. You see, Albert's got the right idea. He's not interested in Negroes or whites. He writes about robots. Here, write me a novella based on this picture. I'll print it in next month's issue. You do a good job, you might even get the cover. The way I see it, you can either burn it or you can stick it in a drawer for fifty years or however long it takes the human race to become colour-blind. Fine. You want me to print it? Make the captain white. It's your call. [Harlem coffee shop] Have you lost your mind? I give you a novella to write. I even offer you a shot at the cover. Three weeks later, instead of a novella, you come back with six stories. Six sequels to a story I refused to publish in the first place. So I guess the answer to the question we've both been asking is yes, you are certifiable! That's a great idea. That depends. On who's doing the dreaming. A Negro. Shut up, Herb. There isn't any magazine. Not this month anyway. Mister Stone had the entire run pulped. Oh, he can and he did. He believes, quote, this issue did not live up to our usual high standards, unquote. It means he didn't like it. Which means the public will simply going to have to get along without any Incredible Tales this month. Hey! This magazine belongs to Mister Stone. If he doesn't want to publish this month, we don't publish this month. End of story. Don't tell me what I know. Besides, it's not about what's right, it's about what is. And I'm afraid I've got some more bad news for you, Benny. Mister Stone has decided that your services are no longer required here. I have no choice, Benny. It's his decision. I'm warning you, Benny. If you don't stop this I'm going to call the police.
