I didn't kill him, you know. A lot of people believed it was me. That shape-shifter thought so. But he was wrong. Say what you will about the Cardassians, at least they could keep the power on. Would you like more ice? You were always very kind. You made life a little easier. There was always that little extra ginger tea in that package you gave me, wasn't there? No. I need a favour. That's right. I can pay you. My husband kept a strongbox in our shop on the station, buried in the wall. I want you to bring it to me. Nothing anyone would value. Sentimental reasons. I couldn't stand being back in that shop where my husband was murdered. I'm sure he's forgotten about all that by now. Can you neutralise the security system? It's behind the panelled wall on the left as you enter. Four panels in, five up. And I can pay you five bars of latinum. And as always my personal gratitude. Have you been into the shop? Thank you. I have a very good idea. May I be honest with you? My husband was having an affair. Some girl showed up on the station a couple of weeks ago. He became infatuated with her, I don't know. Why are men like that? We had two wonderful years together, till she arrived. And now Of course I did. What's that? What makes you think I've been too angry to cry. I, I, the shock, I He confessed his indiscretion to me days ago, but said it was over Something like that. No, but I can point her out to you. [Memory - Promenade] (On the Bajoran squalor side of the dividing gate) At dinner. He went back to the shop to do some inventory work afterwards. No. We were lucky enough to be assigned a private room. I guess because we ran the shop, but at least we had a little privacy. There. That's her. (She's pointing at a long-haired Kira Nerys) [Promenade] I don't know what you're talking about. Nothing. I can't imagine why. Are you sure it was his? Maybe the Cardassians put it there before they left. I wish I could help. I sort of liked that little Ferengi. I thought you said Good for him. I don't think so. Who is it? If this has anything to do with my husband's murder, I want to be of help in any way I can. That's right. I don't appreciate your looking into my private affairs. A loan from a friend. Odo, this really has nothing to do with your investigation. I'm sorry. My friend is married. I won't drag him into this. Security Log, supplemental. The Ferengi holds on to life like it's gold-pressed latinum. Maybe he just doesn't want his brother to get the bar, or maybe he knows he's the only real witness I have. [Infirmary] I've never seen him before in my life. I want to confer with my advocate. I don't care what you think you know, shape-shifter. You will never be able to prove that I killed my husband because I didn't.
