My apologies, Quark, but I really think you should try this. (a handful of what look like dried peas) A way to double your beverage profits. Taste it. (Quark has one and immediately sips his water) You see? Just as I told you. He immediately reached for his drink. Gramilian Sand Peas. They inhibit secretion of the salivary glands while drying out the tissues of the tongue. It works every time. If you replace your complimentary dishes of lokar beans with Gramilian sand peas, you won't be able to fill your customers' glasses fast enough. Pel. So what do you think about my idea? True, but the twenty second rule says, A wise man can hear profit in the wind. All two hundred and eighty five of them, and the various commentaries as well. I don't plan on being a waiter forever. I wanted to learn from the very best. Just remember one thing. The bigger the smile, the sharper the knife. I'd keep it in mind if I were you. Did you ever think about why the Nagus is putting you in charge of such a lucrative opportunity? That's only part of it. If the negotiations are profitable, then the Nagus becomes a greater hero than ever. But if they fail, he's going to need someone to take the blame. All I'm saying is, be careful. I accept. Then we're partners. All right. But I get twenty five percent of everything you make. Twenty. There are some very interesting items on that list. A subspace field modulator, some optical data processors. The Nagus will never agree. The Nagus has asked Quark to represent him during these negotiations. You want to do business with the Ferengi, you talk to Quark. Evade. I think raising the stakes is a brilliant idea. It'll show the Gamma Quadrant we mean business. No wonder Quark says you're a genius. I think I'll pass on this round. (Pel trots off after Quark) Is the Nagus always this impatient? You'll get them. Because you're good. And with me helping you, you're even better. For twenty percent of your profits, why else? It doesn't. I like to try new things. I never heard of a Trill who could play tongo. He deserves it. Quark really likes you. He talks about you all the time. That sounds like Quark. So do I. What? Please, keep your voice down. He doesn't even know I'm a female. Please lower your voice. You probably never will again. On my world, women aren't allowed to leave the house, or wear clothes, or learn to read. Why not? I'm as smart as any man. So I made myself a pair of synthetic lobes and became one. To acquire profit, of course. There's only one thing I wasn't counting on. What do you think I should do? Hold on a minute. We said we're going to get you the tulaberries and that's exactly what we're going to do. We're going to travel to the Gamma Quadrant, find the Dosi and get them to sign the contract. We'll take your ship. It's up to you, Nagus. Do you want those tulaberries or not? So have I. It's not over yet. Neither do I. Why would he? One thing's for certain, he knows more than he's letting on. Everything. The tulaberries, the Dosi, even the Gamma Quadrant. Don't worry, I will. I'm glad you feel that way. Quark, there's something you should know. You do? It's not? I see. Twenty first Rule of Acquisition. Tell us, Zyree, what is this place? Look who finally showed up. Where are you going? Wouldn't we be more comfortable sleeping on the ship? Wait! The mattress! It looks lumpy. I can't sleep on a lumpy mattress. What are you doing? You're not going to sleep, are you? Shouldn't we be discussing rules of strategy? But you know what the hundred and third Rule of Acquisition says. Sleep can interfere with Wait! First, a toast. To profit, of course. It must be the wine. I was really impressed with the way you handled Inglatu. Wait. The look on his face when you knocked over that barrel. The riskier the road, the greater the profit. That's right. And you have a very nice smile. Quark, I have something I have to tell you. (Zyree enters) Absolutely. Who's the Karemma? Quark, we need to talk. Don't you want to know why I kissed you? Yes, I did. Maybe it's some planetary alliance or trading consortium. Come. Over there. No one's going to see me. Am I going somewhere? But you need me, Quark. I'm the only one you can trust. Is that a crime? What is it? This is not about profit anymore, it's about love. I love you, Quark, and I know you care about me, too. Admit it. Then come with me to the Gamma Quadrant. No one there cares if I wear clothes or not. I guess I'd better start packing. I hope you don't mind, Quark, but I couldn't leave without saying goodbye to the Nagus. So, you like my lobes? Good. Then you can have them. (Pel throws her fake lobes on the table) Leave him out of this. So, tell me more about my big future. I'm sorry, but it's time he learned that when it comes to accumulating profit, women are as capable as men. I should go. I've booked passage on an Andorian transport. You could come with me. I know. (They kiss) Well then, I guess if I can't have you, I'll take those ten bars of latinum after all. [Quark's]
