Come. (Sisko enters) Commander. Yes, please, come in. Welcome to Bajor. Have we met before? I assume that you have been briefed on the events leading to the Cardassian withdrawal? They've left the Bajorans without a means of being self-sustaining. The relief efforts we've been coordinating are barely adequate. I've come to know the Bajorans. I'm a strong proponents for their entry into the Federation. Not easily. The ruling parties are at each others throats. Factions that were united against the Cardassians have resumed old conflicts. Your job is to do everything short of violating the Prime Directive to make sure that they are. I have been made aware by Starfleet of your objections to this assignment. I would have thought that after three years spent at the Utopia Planitia yards, that you would be ready for a change. Unfortunately as Starfleet officers, we do not always have the luxury to serve in an ideal environment. Perhaps Starfleet Command should be considering a replacement for you. I'll look into it. In the meantime however Dismissed. [Security office] (the main desk looks out through glass doors straight onto the Promenade) Mister O'Brien? I understand that I just missed you on the Bridge. Ensign. (Maggie leaves) This is your favorite transporter room, isn't it? You know, yesterday, I called down here and I asked for you without thinking. It won't be quite the same. Permission granted. It is responding to visual and auditory stimuli. Linguistic communication. The creature must be destroyed before it destroys us. [Saratoga Bridge] It must be destroyed. Contacted? We seek contact with other lifeforms, not corporeal creatures who annihilate us. It is terminated. I suspect that the sight of their warship being towed back by a Starfleet runabout took the heart out of their fight. Well, you've put Bajor on the map, Commander. This will shortly become a leading centre of commerce and scientific exploration. And for Starfleet, one of our most important posts. Yes, I'm sorry I haven't had time yet to communicate that to Command. I'm not sure that I can. Are you certain that's what you want, because we cannot afford to have an officer who's Good luck, Mister Sisko. [Promenade]
