(Brock Peters) And he said to me, 'These words are trustworthy and true.' And the Lord, God of the spirits of the Prophets, has sent his angel to show his servants what must soon take place. Praise the Lord. Open their eyes. Help them to see. Oh, that my words were now written. Oh, that they were printed in a book. Write those words, Brother Benny. Let them see the glory of what lies ahead. Go now and write the truth that's in your heart. The truth that shall set them free! Praise be the word of the Lord. Praise to the word of the Prophets. [Benny's apartment] (A small neat place, with an upright piano and plenty of books. There's even a phases of the moon picture on the wall. Benny gets a bottle of milk from the fridge then settles down at his typewriter. He types 'Captain Benjamin Sisko sat looking out the window'. Benny looks up raises the blind and sees Sisko reflected in his own window. He rubs his eyes and he's gone, then he carries on typing.) [Harlem coffee shop] (Benny's got an envelope with him.) Hello, Brother Benny. To follow the path of the Prophets. Walk with the Prophets, Brother Benny. Show us the way. Write the words, Brother Benny. The words that will lead us out of the darkness onto the path of righteousness. (Benny walks away) Write the words, Brother Benny. Write the words. [Benny's apartment] (Benny gets in and sits straight down at the typewriter. Later, Cassie switches on the wireless. Benny is asleep holding a manuscript.) Brother Benny. The light of the Lord is in his path. But, Brother Benny, this is only the beginning of your journey, not the ending. And the path of the Prophets sometimes leads into darkness and pain. I speak with the voice of the Prophets. (He takes hold of Benny's left ear, and it comes away with blood on the fingertips.) And in their words, hope and despair walk arm in arm. (The Preacher backs into the darkness.) Rest easy, Brother Benny. You have walked in the path of the Prophets. There is no greater glory. Don't you know? You're the dreamer and the dream. (There are stars streaking past the rear windows.) [Infirmary]
