Constable Odo. Good morning to you. Didn't report for duty on time this morning. None of the senior officers did. I heard that Wadi party went on all night. Six years. Why? Lost? Yes, Constable. Yes, sir. [Quark's] Usually, but we've never encountered Wadi technology before. Some kind of intense bipolar current. Got me. The only thing we've got that would put out that type of current would be a transporter, but a transporter burst would only last for a few seconds. No, wait a minute, Odo. You can't just go storming onto their ship without their permission. That's right. Energising. [Wadi ship corridor] (Odo finds the door with the shap symbols on it, and opens it. There's a painfully bright light but he goes through into) [Quark's]
(Starfleet Lieutenant) Interesting technique. Do you always get ready for an important operation by leaking word about it to the local black market? I'm afraid it is. Lieutenant George Primmin. Starfleet security, and if you don't mind, I would like to talk to you about the deuridium shipment from the Gamma Quadrant. I would appreciate it if we could go over it anyhow. It took me three weeks to get here and I'd hate to think it was for nothing. Ah, that's okay, Major. I'll fill him in later on anything he needs to know. [Commander's office] I'm sure he's very good at keeping order down there on the Promenade. Frankly, isn't the security of a deuridium shipment a little over his head? I mean, he was chatting about it in the bar with that Ferengi, Quark. If I could overhear it, so could half-dozen others. I understand that. It's not they way they taught us at the Academy, is it, sir. If you want my opinion Very clear, sir. Before we get started, I want to apologise for us getting off on the wrong foot. Listen, I know this is your bailiwick. I don't mean to be throwing my weight around. No hard feelings? Just because I'm from Starfleet Security doesn't mean I don't respect your opinion. How about showing me what you've got and I'll see if there's anything we can work with. Even if he was alive, it doesn't make sense that he would purge an entire computer memory to go after a single file. We're already stretched to the limit preparing for the shipment. Why don't I just set up the computer to track her movements and alert us if she goes near a secured area. I took a cue from you. You understood the logic of Vantika's MO when he downloaded the computer memory. Avoid the single file, attack the system. Vantika has to know that all of our security efforts will be focused on the docking ring. I figured if he holds true to form that's not where he'll try to hurt us. So I ran a diagnostic of all the systems that could shut our whole defence array down. I know. I didn't find anything either. But then I went to the back-up systems and I found a glitch there I couldn't explain. And I tracked it back to the waste reclamation system where no body would ever think to look because it's considered non-essential. And I found this. And it's set to feed back into the primary command and control functions. Long enough for him to grab that freighter and warp to who knows where. [Ops] (WHOOSH) I'll send additional forces to twelve. (Primmin leaves) Negative. Their shields are up. Energising.
