Really, Vash, I can't believe you're still pining for Jean-Luc, that self righteous do-gooder. You're hurt, you strike back. I understand. But be of good cheer, I bring wonderful news. I'm back. I can see now it was cruel of me to leave you. You left me, I left you Details, mere details. The important thing is we're back together again. A team, joined together at the hip. You know you're going to miss me. You know, I thought first we'd visit the Teleris Cluster, look in on the star dancers at Mundahla. Or maybe head over to the Lantar nebula and view the Sampalo relic on Hoek Four. I know. Vadris Three. Charming little world. The natives think they're the only intelligent life in the universe. All right, you choose then. You don't know what you're missing. When we started this little partnership, I promised to take you places no human had ever seen before. Two years in the Gamma Quadrant hardly qualifies as a grand tour of the universe. There's still the Delta Quadrant to explore, not to mention all the other galaxies. But I do know everything. All right, fine, what is it you really want? And a stellar life indeed. The eminent Vash. Barred from the Royal Museum of Epsilon Hydra Seven, persona non grata on Betazed. Wanted dead on Myrmidon for stealing the Crown of the First Mother. Preferably dead. It's a wonder you haven't offended every sentient race in the galaxy. They meant it affectionately. (doorbell) Go away. (Quark vanishes) What business could you possibly have with that disgusting little troll? All right. (Q disappears, Quark reappears) How perfectly vile. If that's the kind of company you kept before meeting me, it's no wonder you ended up with Picard. Aren't we the hub of activity? These mating rituals you humans indulge in really are quite disgusting. You know you don't mean it. You're making a terrible mistake. You'd be lost without me. Really? Well, we'll see about that. [Replimat] (A waiter approaches) (bajoran waiter) You're making a terrible mistake. I'm talking about Vash. Stay away from her. I'm a friend. I'm giving you friendly advice. She's nothing but trouble. Are you sure you're feeling up to it? You look tired. No, no, no. You look tired. Very, very tired. (Q yawns and Bashir catches it) Hopefully by yourself for a change. (Q has been recognised) I'll tell you anything you want to know, Commander. Just answer one question. Is Starfleet penalising you or did you actually request such a dismal command. Don't be hasty, my happy-go-lucky friend. This dreary little gulag could use a little colour, some excitement. And who better to provide it than moi? Though I must say I approve of your new tailor. (Q changes from TNG uniform to DS9) Why tell me? Oh, yes, of course, go ahead. Blame Q if it makes you feel any better. I suppose it's my fate to be the galaxy's whipping boy. Heavy is the burden of being me. Actually, what I was hoping for was a little witty repartee, but I see I'm not going to get any of that either. At least your beloved Jean-Luc knows how to turn a phrase Really, Vash, this playing hard to get is growing tedious. Let's not forget that I'm the Q and you the lowly human. I will decide when this partnership is over. Understand? Excellent idea. (Everyone else vanishes) You're right. This is an excellent idea. All gone. Or what? You'll thrash me? Shall we settle this mano a mano? (Everyone is back, and Q and Sisko are 1900s bare-knuckle fighters) Marquis of Queensberry Rules? Fisticuffs, pugilism, the manly art of self-defence. (Q hits Sisko) Come on. Isn't this all wonderfully barbaric? Go on, take a poke at me. I know that's really what you want to do. Come on. Fight back. This is supposed to be brutal. (Q punches Sisko three times in the face, then Sisko blocks his arm and pile-drives into his solar plexus. Q falls) You hit me Picard never hit me. Indeed not. You're much easier to provoke. How fortunate for me. [Promenade] (A big well-dressed alien and a Ferengi arrive. There are 3 others with blue bags over their heads. Odo watches from his office doorway. Then lights go down again) Well, I'm glad to see you've packed. I hope you said goodbye to all your new-found friends. You've led a charmed life these past two years under my benevolent protection. Really? Do you remember that tiny little insect bite you had on Erabus Prime? If I hadn't been there (Vash has very little hair left) The galaxy can be a dangerous place when you're on your own. (Vash gets nasty boils) I leave you now to reconsider my offer of friendship. (Q vanishes and Vash is normal again) Station log, stardate 46531.2. The station's power is continuing to be drained and converted into gravitons. At this rate, our life support systems will fail in fourteen hours. [Ops] Still chasing your own tail? Picard and his lackeys would have solved all this techno-babble hours ago. No wonder you're not commanding a starship. Well, aren't we the feisty little go-getter. I'd keep my eye on this one. Chances are, she's after your job. Do I know you? Enterprise. oh yes. Weren't you one of the little people? Quite a motley crew you've assembled here, Benji. My advice to you is to evacuate now and save all this pointless guesswork. I'll tell you what's going on. While you're here conducting futile experiments, Vash is below engaging in base commerce and setting Federation ethics back two hundred years. Believe me, gang, she's far more dangerous to you than I. [Quark's] I hate to interrupt such a thrilling display of naked avarice, but I thought it was only right of me to warn you that this station is hurtling toward its doom, and it's very unlikely any of you will survive to enjoy your purchases. I just thought I'd mention it. Please, carry on. I must admit, the thought had occurred to me, but this station is in enough trouble without me. Although I'd be glad to save you. All you have to do is ask. VASH I'll take my chances with the others. As you choose. I'm going to just right here sit here and watch. I've never seen a space station torn apart by a wormhole before. Twenty-five hundred and one. [Promenade] A million. And it's about time, too. An abysmal place. Earth. Oh, don't get me wrong. A thousand years ago it had character. Crusades, Spanish Inquisition, Watergate. But now it's just mind-numbingly dull. I think you'd be much happier poking about the ruins of Tartaras Five. You know, I still feel that I owe you a million bars of gold pressed latinum. You'll regret it if I do. All right. If you insist. But it's not going to be the same without you. When I look at a gas nebula, all I see is a cloud of dust. Seeing the universe through your eyes, I was able to experience wonder. I'm going to miss that. Maybe I could drop in sometime.
