What about the First and the Second? No. I questioned the Vorta's orders. He will not forget that. As long as he lives, I will remain Third. It was not my place. Remember, Obedience Brings Victory. Until we re-establish communications, we will hold this world for the Dominion. Then we will hold this world for the Dominion until we die. [Beach] (Nog dog-paddles ashore and coughs water out of his lungs.) I understand. Seventh Yak'Talon estimates that it will take at least ten days before we can attempt a low-power test. It is time for the White. (The box is brought over and Keevan opens it.) We pledge our loyalty to the Founders from now until death. Keep your place. I understand. Obedience Brings Victory. Terminate fire! Terminate! (Limara'Son turns his weapon on a colleague.) Your orders were clear. You were not to engage the enemy. Who fired first? You are reduced to Sixth. You will shroud and return to base camp. You, you. Provide suppression fire as we withdraw. Withdraw! Lack of White produces anxiety among us. One man could not restrain himself when he saw the enemy. I have dealt with the matter. He is my responsibility. I may not be First, but I am the unit leader. You can discipline me, but only I discipline the men. That is the order of things. Dismissed. Third Remata'Klan. Two members of your unit are being held at our base camp. We'll exchange them for you and your doctor. The Vorta has been severely wounded. The Vorta wishes to speak with you. No. You shouldn't. I was not sent to negotiate. I was instructed only to deliver the terms. There is no First. I command the unit. The Vorta command the Jem'Hadar. That is the order of things. Such things have been known to happen. But they are rare and only occur in units that have lost discipline. The Vorta has instructed me to give you his assurance that neither you nor your Doctor will be harmed and you'll both be free to leave at the end of your meeting. What is your response? I have been ordered to let you go free after your meeting. You can be assured that I will obey that order. Agreed. (Remata'Klan leaves.) You may go. (Garak and Nog set off as Sisko and Bashir approach.) Informative. Agreed! Hold this position. Do not fire unless they do. It appears you have a decisive advantage. The Vorta did not give me the option to surrender. It was obvious that approaching your position from this canyon was a deliberate tactical error on his part. I suspected. Despite what Keevan may think, the Jem'Hadar are often one step ahead of the Vorta. I have my orders. He does not have to earn my loyalty, Captain. He has had it from the moment I was conceived. I am a Jem'Hadar. He is a Vorta. It is the order of things. It is not my life to give up, Captain. And it never was. (Each returns to his men.) Our death is glory to the Founders.) (The Jem'Hadar run forward, firing, leaving themselves easy targets. It's over in seconds, but Gordon is also dead.)
