Jadzia, it's good to see you again. Everyone's very excited about your being here, you know. Jadzia is the only Initiate to ever successfully reapply to the programme after being dropped. You must be Doctor Bashir. Ah, yes. Curzon's friend. Yes, I did. As you noted, Doctor, her isoboramine levels are low so I've put her on a benzocyatic regimen to compensate. As you can see, there's already a three percent improvement. No, Doctor Bashir can administer it. But I would like to see you back here tomorrow for a follow up, and for lunch. Well, if you'll excuse me I have an Initiate who needs some hand-holding. [Bridge] That's a larger increase than I'd anticipated. The suddenness could be what triggered the hallucination. I want you to start administering more frequent treatments at a lower dosage. Hallucinations often take the form of latent anxieties, and we all know the time you spent here wasn't that easy for you. Well, with seven lifetimes worth of memories it's no surprise things would get a bit jumbled. Yes, I do. But I still want to see you tomorrow. (Renhol leaves) We had to stabilise her synaptic functions. Activate the neural induction field. Give her another two cc's of benzocyatizine. Her isoboramine levels are down to fifty one percent. I don't understand it. A decrease that severe is usually the result of tissue damage. Commander, this wormhole you've discovered. Have your people done any surveys of the diametric fields it generates? I'd like to see those reports. Something unusual is affecting her and at this point we can't afford to rule anything out. If we can't get her isoboramine readings up to an acceptable level within forty eight hours, I'm afraid we'll have to remove the symbiont. I'm well aware of that, Commander. But Jadzia would be the first to tell you that our primary responsibility must be to the symbiont. If there's any change in her condition, I'll let you know. [Symbiont Caves] Her isoboramine levels have dropped to forty four percent. Tell Doctor Torvin to prepare the new host for surgery. We'll begin transferring the symbiont in fifteen minutes. (The nurse goes to leave as Sisko and Bashir enter.) Commander Sisko, how dare you come in here and Wait outside. Tell the surgeons to stand by. (The nurse leaves.) I don't have time for this, Commander. The symbiont is in danger. I can't do anything for her. I resent that implication. What secret? Commander, I don't know what you're talking about. I don't recall ever seeing any mention of a Joran Dax on our records. What possible reason would anyone have to create that sort of elaborate cover up? I don't see how that's relevant. That's right. That's how we make sure the symbionts aren't given to an unsuitable host. That doesn't happen. Rejection would set in. The host and symbiont would both die. Three, maybe four days. Do you realise what would happen if you did that? It would mean chaos. There aren't enough symbionts for that many hosts. The potential danger to the symbionts would be enormous. They would become commodities to be purchased or prizes to be fought over. Nearly half our population is capable of being Joined. That's what we learned from our unfortunate experience with Joran Dax. Now do you understand why you must not reveal the truth? It's not that simple. For Jadzia to survive, we have to stabilise the synaptic functions between the host and symbiont. Joran's memories have to be allowed to surface, to re-integrated with Dax's other memories. It could be very dangerous. What if you're wrong? What if Joran's personality overwhelms Jadzia? Are you willing to risk that?
