(British accent) We wanted to come before, but my schedule's been so busy up until now. I'm sure you know what it's like. Oh, I've done many things. At the moment, I'm involved in landscape architecture, designing public spaces, parks mostly. I love the idea of working on projects that thousands of people will enjoy long after I'm gone. They're my legacy, my gift to succeeding generations. Aside from Jules here, of course. He's a very gifted young man. I hope you're putting all his talents to good use, Captain. Well, sometimes you have to push him a little. It took quite a while to talk him into taking up medicine, but he did. That's right. He wanted to become Oh. Of course. Maybe after our interviews are over. Yes, with Doctor er, Zimmerman. Didn't he tell you? Yeah. Oh Lord, there are so many. You know, from the time he was this high we knew he was destined for greatness. We'll talk later. (wink) [Infirmary] (Holo-Bashir keeps walking into walls, and O'Brien is chuckling. Bashir enters.) Not like the captain of the transport that brought us here. I've never met a ruder, more abrasive man in my life. I tell you, when I used to run shuttles, I never would have tolerated that kind of behaviour toward my passengers. That's right, and I was required to have daily contact with the passengers. And you can bet that if I even looked at them the wrong way, I would've been discharged on the spot. No. I resigned. You could've done research back on Earth. I told you that five years ago. But you insisted on taking this assignment because you wanted to work in frontier medicine. Some very important people have expressed interest in my park designs. I have some very good prospects on the horizon. I'm sure we can handle it. You don't trust us? No, but that's what he meant, isn't it? You think we're going to slip up, say the wrong thing, get us all in trouble. You've got a lot at stake? Well what about us? We could go to prison, Jules. Have you ever thought about that? Oh, so now we're not taking it seriously. We're not as bright as he is. We don't have your gifted intellect so we can't see the perfectly obvious. No, let him go. He can barely stand to be in the same room with us! [Replimat] It's a stressful time for all of us and maybe I said some things I shouldn't have. And just so there's no misunderstanding, I give you my word that at no time in our interview with Doctor Zimmerman will we ever mention or even hint at the fact that you were genetically enhanced as a child. But I would just add that, despite what the authorities would like us to believe, genetic engineering is nothing to be ashamed of. You're not any less human than anyone else. In fact, you're a little more. We're not going to just take this lying down, that's for sure. I'll arrange for legal counsel. We're going to fight this all the way to the Federation Supreme Court. You'd better change that attitude right now if you want to hang on to your career. We're a little beyond worrying about your wants, Jules. We have a serious problem here. We have to stop the whining and concentrate on coming up with a new plan. All those gifts, all those accomplishments, and you still want to behave like a spoiled child. Well you'd better grow up right now or you're going to lose everything! I'm still your father, Jules, and I will not have you talk to me like that. You're so smart. You know so much that you can stand there and judge us. But you're still not smart enough to see that we saved you from a lifetime of remedial education and underachievement! You were falling behind. You don't understand, Jules. You never did. What difference does that make? Amsha I'm going to prison. Two years. It's a minimum security penal colony in New Zealand. Jules. Julian. Listen to me. This is my decision. I'm the one who took you to Adigeon Prime. I'm the one who should take responsibility for it. Yes. I guess I'll see you in a couple of years. That would be most welcome. Here, just think. I may usher in a new renaissance in landscape architecture. I'll certainly have time to work on my designs. (The Bashirs leave as Zimmerman and Leeta get off the turbolift.)
