Looks like you've got your evening all planned. Hope you've got room for the unexpected. [Commander's office] Thank you. Call me Will. Strictly pleasure. Actually, I've built up about three months of leave and Doctor Crusher finally insisted that I take some of it. She nearly shoved me out the airlock. Actually I was just passing through on my way to Risa. The last time I was here, I was only able to spend a couple of hours at Quark's, but by the time I left I had all of his latinum and a date with one of his dabo girls, so I thought I might try my luck again. In that case, maybe I better spend my time in the holosuites. It sounds safer, all the way around. [Ops] Thank you, I may take you up on that. I'm sorry. Of course. Most of that night's still a blur. How've you been, Dax? Well. I'd better get out of your way. I know you've all work to do. I hope I see you again. Major. I'm sorry. My mind was a million light years away. I should've been paying attention to where I was going. Actually I was just exploring the Promenade. I thought about going into Quark's, but I wasn't really in the mood. Where are you off to? I see. Well, goodnight. I'd love one. Where should we begin? Do you think we might get a chance to take a look at that new starship of yours? What's she called? Yeah, the Defiant. I hear it's quite a vessel. Commander William Riker, Starfleet. I have nothing to say to you, O'Brien. I think you know why. It's a long story. I'd rather not get into it. Let's take a look at this ship of yours. Running the plasma conduit through the primary phaser coupling has almost doubled your phaser power. Doesn't that cut into your warp drive efficiency? That's ingenious. I'd like to see how it's all routed through the tactical display. Thank you. (He produces a phaser and stuns Kira, then taps some controls and two people beam in) [Ops] (Red alert sounds and Sisko comes out of his office.) Set course for the Badlands. Warp seven. Tamal, secure that conduit. It's not over yet. [Wardroom] I am sorry about lying to you, and I'm sorry about using you. It was an operational necessity. You were a resistance fighter. You know at certain times you do things that you're not proud of to accomplish the mission. A lot farther than people anticipate. I'm on my way. [Bridge] Lower the shields and beam them aboard. Lay in a course for the Cardassian border. Warp eight. This ship was built to fight. I think it's time she got her chance. Engage. Commander's log, stardate 48467.3. Gul Dukat and I have arrived on Cardassia Prime. I am about to do something which goes against twenty years of Starfleet training. Help an enemy hunt down one of our own ships. [War room] (Cardassian NORAD) All right, this is it. Red alert. Cloak the ship. Stand by weapons. [Cabin] (Kira starts doing something clever with the replicator) [Bridge] Transmit the go-ahead signal. They're using anti-proton beams to scan for us. Adjust the cloak's resonance frequency so they can't detect us again. Damage report. Tough little ship. Set course for the shipyard at Omekla Three. We'll let that be the place (Bang!) Report. Where? It looks like Major Kira has been busy. [Cabin] (There's a nice hole in the bulkhead, and Kira has minor burns which are being treated.) You crossed the replicator power converter with the plasma manifold, I take it? Nice work. You know I'll have that thing bypassed in thirty minutes. Fortunately, I was able to take us into a nebula. No one's going to see us. (Tamal finishes tending to Kira.) You're lucky you only got singed. You know the whole plasma relay could've exploded. You've been fighting Cardassians most of your life. I know that you sympathise with what we're doing here. Because people are dying in the Demilitarised zone and Starfleet isn't doing anything about it. You're assuming the Defiant is going to stay in the Demilitarised zone. Let's go to the bridge. I think we'd all feel better having you someplace we can keep an eye on you. [War room] A chance we have to take. Lay in a course for Omekla Three. Engage at warp eight. I hope the Cardassians have the same reaction. What is he doing, and why? The Maquis have been hearing rumours about shifting loyalties in the Cardassian government. Certain hardline elements were unsatisfied with the Federation Treaty and are doing whatever they can to scrap it. We had our hands on an intelligence report outlining a suspected military buildup in the Orias System. A secret buildup that even the Central Command isn't aware of. I'm convinced that it does. They are building an invasion fleet. If we let them finish it, these renegade Cardassians are going to use it. Really? Because these stakes here are far greater than border outposts. I guess we're different kinds of terrorists. We'll see. [War room] Are there any other ships nearby? Any ships between us and the Orias system? They can chase me all they want, as long as they don't catch me. [War room] Full scan. I want to see everything that's in that system. [War room] It looks like we're going to have to fight our way to Orias. With this ship it'll be a short fight, I promise you that. We have come too far to quit now. Maybe that's what an experienced Starfleet officer would do. Maybe that's what Will Riker would do. But it's not what I'm going to do. I'm going to continue the mission. You shouldn't go fishing today. You won't catch anything. Take us in. [War room] Go to impulse. Decloak the ship, Raise shields and stand by phasers. Go to heading one one eight, mark three zero one. Lock on phasers. Fire. Quantum torpedoes. Full spread. Fire. Resume our original course to the Orias system. Stand by emergency power to the shields. On screen. Is that right Why the sudden generosity? I don't buy it. The Cardassians aren't going to just let us just walk away. Me. No death sentence, huh? That must have taken some doing. Give me a moment. I have a mission to complete. On screen. I agree to your terms. Why? I see. Understood. (transmission ends) Turn us about. Lay in a course for the Kraxon. Do it. [War room] (The chase is on the viewscreen.) Let's hear it. Acknowledged. Kalita? Transmit the Orias Three sensor logs to the Kraxon, and tell them to prepare to beam me aboard. I'm turning command over to Major Kira. She'll get you back to the Federation. I'm holding you personally responsible to see that these people get a fair trial. Riker to Kraxon. One to beam up. (Riker is beamed away.)
