Starfleet has chosen you to plan the invasion of Cardassia. (The destruction of the defences at Chin'toka.) (Dukat freeing the pah-wraith and becoming possessed.) (Pah wraith Dukat attacking Jadzia Dax.) Colonel, I really don't see anything for you to be concerned about. I've met Senator Cretak and found her to be very cooperative. Cretak's a strong supporter of the Alliance and we're going to need that kind of support if we're going to win this war. We're just talking about a few offices for the senator and her staff. A dozen people at most. Besides, it's just a temporary arrangement until the end of the war. Let's get one thing straight, Colonel. I came here as a courtesy to you. This decision has already been made. That's right. You've done a fine job taking over for Captain Sisko. You still think he's coming back? I'll be in touch. [Dominion briefing room] Third fleet has requested two more attack wings of Romulan warbirds. Now, if we (Kira enters.) We're in the middle of a meeting here, Colonel. They want to close down the hospital? Then what is? Is this true, Senator? Let's try to stay calm. I'm sure we can reach some sort of compromise.
As well as leave their flank vulnerable. Earth will still be defended by the Third Fleet. Are you sure this is reliable? Then we have a problem. According to this, the minefield's coming down in three days. The Ninth Fleet won't be here for at least four. What about the Klingons? If those Dominion reinforcements come through the wormhole we'll have lost everything. Do it. [Wardroom] (Looking out of the windows, a light blinks.) I just came to wish you luck. Your father sounds like a wise man. What's this? The Emissary looks for guidance on the eve of battle. And what do the Prophets tell you? Maybe when this war is over you can look at them closer. I've never been on Bajor. I hear it's quite nice. All right, all right, I'm convinced. I'm already planning my next R and R down there. You know, it sounds like when your assignment on Deep Space Nine is over and Bajor is welcomed into the Federation, you're going to have a tough time saying goodbye. And what if Starfleet assigns you to a different sector?
Ben, the Breen have launched a counteroffensive against our forces in the Chin'toka system. In two places. It may take a little while, Ben, but I'll get you another ship, I promise you that. I just wish I knew how we were going to neutralise the Breen energy dissipaters. Time may be the one thing we don't have. Damar may have just bought us some precious time, if the Dominion doesn't track him down too quickly.
I want you to know, Colonel, that I'm as outraged as you are. The Romulans have no business placing weapons on Derna. The Federation has already sent a formal protest to the Romulan Senate condemning their actions. They've already sent a protest of our protest. Politics. I don't know, Colonel. Eventually, the Romulans will remove the weapons. I don't know but it will happen. Maybe so. But facts are facts, Colonel. And there's no way the Bajorans can drive the Romulans off Derna, not without help anyway, and the Federation isn't going to provide that help. Not now. Is that clear? That's a harsh way to put it. Colonel, I would like to help you, but my hands are tied. Meaning what? How? If you do that, Colonel, you'll have a fight on your hands. A fight you can't win. [Runabout] (In orbit of a brown, dry looking planet.) Colonel Senator Cretak has just informed me that fourteen Romulan warbirds are on their way to Derna. That kind of talk isn't going to help matters, Colonel. I'd think you'd want to avoid a confrontation, not provoke one. I wasn't exactly happy to hear about that either, but we only have a few hours to reach some kind of a compromise. After that, people are going to start dying. Aren't you? Colonel, I'm appealing to you one last time to end this blockade. Damn it, Colonel. If you open fire on those ships, we all lose. The only way to beat the Dominion is to keep our Alliance intact. You still think she's going to back down? Time to fold, Colonel. [Klingon bridge] (The consoles are hot enough to fry eggs.) You can blink now, Colonel. You've won. Senator Cretak has agreed to remove the weapons from Derna. I told her if she didn't remove them, I would. You did. Remind me never to play poker with you. [Limbo]
If those Dominion reinforcements come through the wormhole we'll have lost everything.
I trust those are prophetic words, Chancellor. Then I'll meet you two on Cardassia. [on viewscreen]: The Romulan flagship's been destroyed. Their entire line is collapsing. With what? Ben, we're losing too many ships. We've got to find a way to turn the Dominion's left flank. You help the Romulans. Martok and I'll hit the centre. I never thought I'd say this, but thank god for the Cardassians. Ben, we've driven the Dominion back into Cardassia Prime. We can keep them bottled up there indefinitely. At what cost? We've already lost a third of our fleet. All right, gentlemen. We press on. We'll launch a three pronged attack. The Romulans and our new Cardassian allies will engage the Jem'Hadar forces. The Klingons will target the Breen and the Federation will take on the orbital weapon platforms. Any questions? As soon as everyone's in position. But a costly one. Estimates project our casualties to be as high as forty percent. There's no telling how much higher they'll go once we send in our ground forces. Yes, they will. Godspeed, everyone. Neither am I. Four hundred years ago, a victorious general spoke the following words at the end of another costly war. Today the guns are silent. A great tragedy has ended. We have known the bitterness of defeat and the exultation of triumph. From both we have learned there can be no going back. We must go forward to preserve in peace what we've won in war. (Douglas McArthur, WW2. The Founder is escorted from the table.) Commander, how would you feel about being named Federation Ambassador to Kronos?
As you were. Ben. Let's take a walk. [Defiant corridor] What was going on in there? Well, they deserve it. They did a hell of a job. No, I didn't. Ever since this war began, the Dominion's been able to outmanoeuvre us at every turn. No matter where we send our ships, they seem to be there waiting for us. It's enough to make you think they were smarter than we are. But they're not. They just had an edge that we didn't know about until yesterday. Starfleet Intelligence located a massive sensor array hidden on the periphery of the Argolis cluster. Damn thing's capable of monitoring ship movements over five sectors. They've had an enormous tactical advantage. I want you to take it away from them. It won't be easy. The array is heavily defended. This is the intelligence report. Look it over. I want an attack plan on my desk by oh eight hundred. You'll have a dozen Jem'Hadar ships on you before you even got close. What are you suggesting? You can't take a ship through there. You'd be cut to pieces by the gravimetric shear. What makes you think you can get through? All right. Let's give it a shot. When can you leave? Keep me posted, Captain. [Security office] I just got word. Captain Bennet's promotion has come through. At my recommendation, Starfleet's putting her in charge of Seventh Tactical Wing. She's one of the best adjutants I've ever had, strong grasp of strategy and an ability to see the big picture. I already have. You. I've been very impressed with you these last few weeks. I think we would make a good team. Your new assignment is effective immediately. Commander Dax will captain the Defiant. She is up to it, isn't she? Look over these tactical reports. I want your thoughts on the Bolian operation. We'll meet here at oh six hundred. Ben? Congratulations. [Wardroom] Ben? It's late. Ben, we've got a big day ahead of us tomorrow. I want to nail down the details on the Bolian operation. I need you focused. I know how you feel about your crew, but you and I are responsible for an entire tactical wing. Thousands of lives depend on the decisions we make tomorrow. You can't afford to be awake all night worrying about one ship. All right, as you wish. But you should understand one thing. With any luck, we'll be sending the Defiant on a lot of missions, and you're going to have to get used to it. Good night. [Odo's quarters] Carry on. Congratulations, Captain. Certainly. Don't worry. I don't want to know. (O'Brien enters with a canister.) They're a good crew. What do you say we get back to work? [Corridor] (Kira thumps the doorbell as if she is trying to break in through the hapless panel.) [Odo's quarters]
To Captain Benjamin Lafayette Sisko, in recognition of your remarkable leadership and meritorious conduct against the enemy, and in particular for personal acts of bravery displayed during the battle to retake Deep Space Nine, Starfleet Command is proud to present you the Christopher Pike Medal of Valour. Congratulations, Ben. Now if you would all excuse us, I'd like a word with the Captain. (Everyone else leaves.) Good news, Ben. Starfleet Command has decided we've been waging a defensive war long enough. They figure we're never going to win this thing unless we take the fight into Dominion territory. Now, I know. I know you've been saying that since the Romulans opened a second front with the Dominion. It took a while, but your message finally got through. That all depends on you. That's right, Ben. Starfleet has chosen you to plan the invasion of Cardassia. [Quark's] (Worf and Dax come down from the holosuites carrying bat'leths.) Without their help, we have little chance of success. And they'll continue to rebuild their ships and send more. It is where he is meant to be. The Sisko is of Bajor. The Sisko must not leave the chosen path. The Cardassians call them orbital weapon platforms. Intelligence reports indicate the Dominion has placed hundreds of them throughout the Chin'toka system. No, not yet. Two, maybe three days. Then it's settled. Good luck, gentlemen. Good luck to us all. You've been quiet, Ben. Those weapon platforms have you worried? I hope they gave the mission their blessing. Did they give you a reason? In what way? Dangerous to you, to the mission, to Bajor? What is it you're telling me, Ben? You want permission to stay behind? That's not a good enough answer, not from a Starfleet captain. That's the problem, isn't it? For the past six years you've tried to be both, and up to now I've been patient. I've indulged you, I've gone out on a limb for you many times, but this is it. You've got to make a decision. You are either the Emissary or a Starfleet captain. You can't be both.
One of the most pleasant duties of a senior officer is the privilege of joining two people together in matrimony. Today I have the honour to unite Kasidy Danielle Yates and Benjamin Lafayette Sisko in marriage. Kasidy, do you accept this man as your husband, to love and cherish above all others, until death separates you? Benjamin, do you accept this woman as your wife, to love and cherish her above all others, until death separates you? These rings are a symbol your love for each other, and your promise to abide by the vows you've made today. Ben? By the power invested in me by the United Federation of Planets, I pronounce you husband and wife. [Jem'Hadar bridge]
All hands, attention to orders. From Starfleet Headquarters, Office of the Admiralty, to Captain Benjamin L. Sisko. As of this date, you are requested and required to take command of USS Sao Paulo. Signed, Vice Admiral William J. Ross, Stardate 52861.3. Computer, transfer all command codes to Captain Sisko. I stand relieved. She's all yours, Ben. You've got a fine ship here. Oh, by the way, there's something else on that PADD that might interest you. (Ross leaves, properly.) According to our intelligence reports, the Dominion has withdrawn completely from Klingon, Federation and Romulan space. They seem to be forming a new defensive perimeter within Cardassian territory. And with a smaller perimeter they're less vulnerable to hit and run attacks. It would take a major offensive to break through their lines. Break through that line would be a very ugly, very bloody job. Considering the alternatives, I'm afraid I have to concur.
Why? What was different about the Ki'tang? Well, gentlemen, it seems as if the Klingon fleet is the only thing that stands between us and the Dominion. Damar's resistance movement. Damar's a by the book soldier. Does he have any experience waging this kind of campaign? When is Gowron's ship due to arrive? Martok seems a little nervous about the ceremony. I'm sorry, Colonel. We'll have to find someone else to head up the mission. We met at Khitomer. You're kidding. It still stings
The trading embargo has been officially lifted, if you were wondering. To one of the many benefits of the Alliance. (Ross drinks and coughs.) No, thank you. Well, it was illegal. I know. I was probably one of the few officers in the fleet who didn't indulge occasionally. No, no, I'll manage. It's a pleasure. Admiral William Ross. Senator Cretak. (Handshakes all round.) And Doctor Julian Bashir. Not at all. (Bashir and Sloan move to a quiet corner.) Well, Mister Greer certainly has his ducks in a row. According to the Department of Cartography, he's been a low level bureaucrat for almost fifteen years. On the other hand, if we move against him now, we lose any hope of penetrating Section Thirty one. His access at this conference will be limited to a few low level briefings and seminars. It shouldn't be hard keeping tabs on him. If Sloan's here it suggests more important than a simple intelligence gathering mission. He's up to something and it's imperative that we know what that something is. We go forward. [Bellerophon quarters] This is unbelievable. Let's put aside for the moment that he's contemplating the murder of a high ranking official. What in the hell makes him think that the next head of the Tal'Shiar would be any better than Koval? I sort of agree with him there. Cretak, for all her abrasiveness, is at least a patriot. If you saw the reports from Starfleet Intelligence that I see, you would never ask that question. Koval would like nothing better than to see the Romulan banner waving over Earth. Believe me, Doctor. Chairman Koval is not someone we want at the Praetor's right hand. I'll have Sloan confined to his quarters immediately, but that may not solve our problem. Has it occurred to you that you and Sloan may not be the only ones here working for Section Thirty one? For all we know, he has a confederate somewhere in the delegation. If that's true, it could be anyone. Even a member of the Bellerophon crew. What? What makes you say that? A Romulan. And how am I supposed to explain Section Thirty one to the Romulans? All hell would break loose if they hear that there's a rogue Federation agency is running around plotting assassinations. It could bring the Alliance down. Besides, all we have is speculation at this point. The answer is no. After I have Sloan arrested, I'll break radio silence and inform Starfleet Command of the situation. Your orders are to sit tight and do nothing until you hear from me. Come in. Doctor. Much. Doctor Frame tells me that I should take it easy for a few days, but paperwork waits for no man. What can I do for you? Sloan's dead. If we're going to have this discussion, then it's off the record. (They put their comm. badges on the table.) Before I answer your question, answer mine. How did you know? I don't know. He was supposed to be beamed away a split second before the phaser beam hit him. Whether it worked or not, I couldn't say. He's been providing the Federation with critical military intelligence for over a year. When he started working with Section Thirty one I don't know. Dismissed from the Senate, definitely. Imprisoned, most likely. I hope not. No, she wasn't. I told you before, Julian, she's a patriot. Which means if it served the interests of the Romulans to negotiate a separate peace with the Dominion, Cretak would push that option. And believe me, the Dominion would like nothing better than to make a deal with the Romulans right now. That's the general idea. I don't. Something like that. I don't like it. But I've spent the last year and a half of my life ordering young men and young women to die. I like that even less. Inter arma enim silent leges. This conversation never happened. (Ross puts his comm. badge back on.) You're dismissed. [Bashir's bedroom] (Bashir wakes to see -)
I'm glad to see you made it back in one piece, Ben. Yes, we did. And we're going to lose a lot more before this is over. I hope you'll find this office satisfactory. I'm afraid you're going to be here longer than you think, Captain. As of right now, you're no longer in command of the Defiant. (Later.) Starfleet Intelligence has discovered what we believe to be their main storage facility for ketracel-white in the Alpha Quadrant. Right here. (345-447, 254 mark 220, past Cardassia at 357 mark 220) Deep in Cardassian space. We need to destroy it. Without the White, the Jem'Hadar will die. It may be our only way we can end this war, short of surrendering. You won't need a cloaking device. We have something even better. (The screen switches to live feed of a dry dock.) It's the one you captured last year, Captain. Now you get a chance to see what it can do.
