Don't look so distraught. I'm only here to offer you my services if you should need them. [O'Brien's quarters] (O'Brien hands Molly to Keiko.) A pity you're sending the ladies away. It's as if all the life just went out of the room. (Keiko and Molly leave) So where's the straw? I assume you want gold spun from straw? Surely you must know. You were just telling the little one all about me. Ah, don't say it. I don't like the sound of it, you know. You didn't think that would make me break in two and disappear, did you? Not this time. I learned my lesson back in the kingdom. I don't make deals like that any more. (Security enter) Ah, the local constabularies. Gents, give me a small bit of courtesy and I'll be very pleasant, but try and lay a hand on me, and you'll soon regret it. Besides, I'm much too fast for you. (Security try to take hold of him but he vanishes and appears behind them instead.) And now, my good host, if gold is not your pleasure, tell me your needs and I'll tell you my price. Fine, now everyone knows my name. What foreign tongue are they speaking? His imagination? Is there anything I can do to help? Ah, for simpler times, eh? I only want to help. A farmer from Derry once tried to chase me off until I saved his crops from locusts (I'm trying to imagine the level of global warming required for locusts in Derry....) You know what I find most intriguing about you, my good host? You're afraid. Of me. Figment, am I? And yet you can't deny how this imagination of yours empowers me, can you? Empowers me in a way that somehow terrifies you. She is your first born, isn't she? (And vanishes) We don't know any more than when we started. Why would mine create a dwarf that could terrify him? We should abandon the whole thing. How much longer do you suggest we devote to this? Run out of ideas, friend? I have a suggestion. Maybe I can help. You created me with powers beyond those of mortal men. I would be more than happy to use them to assist you, for a price. (Keiko is holding Molly) I've always wanted a daughter. I can spin straw into gold, my friend. This seems no more difficult. Will you meet my price? Are you willing give her up to save so many others?
