So, these are the strangers I heard about. Shouldn't they be in a cell? And how do you plan to do that? This morning, at first meal. But Taya said she saw her later, in her workroom around midday. My granddaughter. Colyus, Anetra's gone just like the others. We're never going to find them. Let's just say I haven't been proven wrong yet. Well, last time I saw her she was across the square. I'll take you to her. [Village square] (The little girl is sadly playing with a top) Taya? Don't be afraid, Taya. This is a friend of Protector Colyus. He just wants you to answer a few questions. Not if you don't want to. I don't know, Taya. Let's go. It's past your bedtime. It'll wait till morning. [Ops] That's right. I'm the oldest one left. I'm very proud of what we've accomplished. There's nothing I can do to change things. I wish there was. Now is there anything else, or can I go? Why wouldn't I be? Why do you say that? Well, it wouldn't do much good. You see, I'm dying. I've had a good life. No regrets. I wish I could see my daughter once again. Now, if there are no more questions? I suppose it's because people around here don't like to travel. After all, there's no place to go. Now that you mention it, no. Yes, I suppose Colyus thought there was no point to it. But I guarantee you, there are no missing people out there. Absolutely. [Hillside] What if you turn off the projector and you can't get it back on? Well, we can't go on like this. I guess we should let her shut it down. Don't look so surprised. I'm as real as you are. (After the adverts) I was happy living on Yadera Prime, that is, until the Dominion took over and changed our whole way of life. I realised one morning that I didn't really belong there anymore. So I came here, and I used a holo-generator to recreate all the things that I'd lost. I've lived here in my village for nearly thirty years. I've watched its people marry, have children, grow old. And sometimes I even forgot that they were holograms. But it's over. It's over. And I would appreciate it if you'd take me back to Yadera Prime. She's not real. She only seems to. It's all an illusion. An illusion that I created. I designed the programme so the villagers could have children if they wanted to. But she's still a hologram. I didn't want her to get hurt. It matters. It matters to me. Because I love her. Wait. Lieutenant, I'd like to ask you a favour. If it works, please don't tell any of the others that I'm not like them. I don't want to be treated any differently than before. We're alive and we have our families back. That's the only thing that counts.
