The information you requested. I'm not sure it's wise for me to stay. What if the Vorta decides to pay you a visit? It doesn't seem right all, this plotting and secrecy. What are we? Romulans? (Damar refuses a drink) Can we really hope to defeat the Dominion? With the Breen on their side, they're stronger than ever. I remember the day I heard the news that Cardassia had joined the Dominion. Like everyone else, I rejoiced. We were going to be rulers of the entire Alpha Quadrant. Instead, we're a conquered people, servants in our own land. And the troops under their command. Still, it's not a very long list, is it? We'll need to know the exact location of the Dominion weapon emplacements on Rondac Three. According to the latest battle reports, it looks as if the Dominion is going to retake Chin'toka. They're awaiting your command. We're going to lose many fine soldiers.
You see the problem. We'll have to cut back on rations until we get hold of some food replicators. Federation food replicators? Taking help from the Federation is bad enough, but having to take it from that Bajoran terrorist. I can't believe what I'm hearing. When we were stationed on Terok Nor, you used spent hours telling me how much you despised her. Did you bring the supplies we requested? I don't need to be reminded of who my enemies are. (Later, at the briefing.) If we scatter our resources, we won't be able to defend ourselves against a Dominion assault. Adarak Prime is defended by a Cardassian garrison. That's out of the question. We're not Bajorans. We don't kill our own. Damar. Why not? It's a legitimate question. I believe you've struck a nerve. Apparently, Commander Kira doesn't like to be reminded that her lover collaborated with her enemies. I suppose that depends on your definition of collaborator. Oh? Why's that? I only wish she had tried. (Kira and Odo reach a sleeping area. Kira kicks over some convenient barrels.)
What difference does that make? The ship was destroyed. But they didn't find it. They're five of my best men! Bronok is one of the most experienced Yes. I've heard the lecture. Good idea. The air in here is getting stale. (Rusot leaves.) Our priority should be to free Cardassia from the Dominion, not do Starfleet's dirty work. My men have secured the shuttle. They'll meet us at those coordinates. Are you enjoying yourself? Getting Cardassians to do your bidding must give you great pleasure. You may have fooled Damar into believing that you're here to fight the Dominion, but I know why you're really here. You killed hundreds of Cardassians during the occupation and now you're getting a chance to do it again. That's why you're here, isn't it? To hang a few more Cardassian neckbones from your belt? Admit it, Kira. You won't be satisfied until every one of us is dead. I guess I hit a nerve When this is all over and the Dominion is defeated Right on time. Just as I promised. We can't wait! We don't have that much time. Damar, this is insane. She'll get us all killed. What if they didn't believe you? It's over. The shape shifter is useless. The whole plan is coming apart. We have to get out of here now! No. No more. We're leaving now! (Rusot points his phaser rifle at Kira.) You're still a Cardassian, Garak. You're not going to kill one of your own people for a Bajoran woman. You want her dead too, Damar. I know you do. But you're the leader of the rebellion and don't want to kill someone wearing a Starfleet uniform. Let me do it for you. (Beep.) Not you. Damar, shoot him. We can kill them both and keep the Breen weapon for ourselves. I believe in you, Damar. I know you're the right man to restore the Empire we loyally served. The Empire we loved. Together we can lead our people to greatness again. Just aim and fire. (We see Damar fire. We hear a body hit the ground. Obviously it's not going to be Kira.)
