Quarters have been arranged through discreet channels. Deck seven, section four G. I suggest you keep a low profile until your ship arrives. (Two aliens have watched from the railing above.) [Quark's] (Quark is counting his latinum when he realises the Vulcan is behind him.) You are Quark, aren't you? Warrant? You are counting your receipts. It is logical to conclude you are the proprietor of the establishment. I was hoping to discuss a business proposition. Your past is of no consequence to me. Sakonna. No. I'm not thirsty, thus I see no reason to have a drink. It is a private matter. I'd rather not discuss it here. That would be acceptable. I will return then. (Sakonna leaves) Do you eat in this grand a manner every night? It is? Very well, I will attempt to respect some of your cultural idiosyncrasies. I will drink the wine, but I won't dance. No. I won't. Is it appropriate to begin our business discussion now? Rule of Acquisition? Commendable. To create a code of behaviour for business transactions is and quite reassuring. In structure, it reminds one of the Vulcan Bill of Rights which guarantees the fundamental personal freedoms of every Vulcan citizen. Is this another cultural idiosyncrasy? I wish to procure weapons. Guns, phaser banks, photon torpedoes (sotto) Troop transports and a number of cobalt-thorium devices. My list is quite extensive. I'm prepared to pay in latinum and I will very likely need a continuous supply for the foreseeable future. I received your message. How soon will it be available? That's not soon enough. I must leave the station tonight. My plans have changed. Can your source have the materials ready by tonight? I have your latinum if you'd like to count it. I'm a Vulcan. I will have it brought to your quarters. Perhaps in the future. I do find you intriguing, Quark. (Sakonna leaves) We have been asked to escort you to airlock eleven, sir.
I wish to procure weapons. Guns, phaser banks, photon torpedoes (sotto) Troop transports and a number of cobalt-thorium devices. My mind to your mind. Your thoughts to my thoughts. My mind to your mind. Your thoughts to my thoughts. My mind to your mind. This is quite puzzling. I am unable to establish a mind meld. It would appear he has the ability to shield his thoughts. I will rest a while, and then I will try again. No. He's right. We do not possess the Cardassian gift for inflicting pain. Nor would we want such a gift. I am a Vulcan. My emotional state is irrelevant. You were well paid for your assistance. Then you agree with our position? Why not? Do you propose to lecture me on logic? I am not well versed in Ferengi philosophy. Logical, but I fail to see how that applies to my situation. Whatever it costs. I find this very confusing. You forget the weapons they already have.
