Are you receiving my image, Captain? You appear to be sitting on my bridge. It may take me a while to get used to this. I'm not fond of uninvited guests. You seem pretty eager, Captain. What did this Maquis raider do? Everyone's favourite traitor. You want him in your brig. We'll cut him off, you can grab him. Sanders out. (Transmission ends.) I don't know quite how to tell you this so I'll just say it. Starfleet Command has given me a new assignment. They want me to bring in Eddington. No. Your mission orders have changed. Eddington is no longer your responsibility. You've been after him for eight months. Not to put too fine a point on it, but you haven't gotten the job done. Look, Captain, I understand how you feel. If one of my officers had fooled me the way Eddington fooled you, I'd take it personally, too. Bad choice of words, I didn't mean fooled. That's not the issue. Starfleet also believes that where Eddington is concerned, you're vulnerable. He just knows you too well, Captain. So maybe it's time for someone he doesn't know to go after him. Thank you, Captain. [Holosuite] (Sisko is taking his frustration out on a punch bag.) Our warp core matrix compositor is fused, our navigational systems are disabled. If you could spare some micro-power relays, we should have the engines back online in a day or two. Wee got a distress signal from a Cardassian freighter. They'd just been attacked by the Maquis. Suffered some casualties. Our sensors confirmed what we were being told, but when we lowered our shields to transport the wounded There were no Cardassians on that freighter. The Maquis had rigged it with a focused particle beam that punched through our gyro shielding and we lost helm control, and by the time we got back on our feet again, three Maquis raiders came out from the plasma field. Well, it seems I couldn't get the job done either, Captain. I figured you'd be going after him. We have something that might be useful to you. We intercepted a coded message from one of Eddington's raiders. Maybe you can decode it. Our computers are still down. Do me a favour? Save me a seat at his court-martial. Good hunting, Captain. Captain's log, supplemental. With the Defiant's computers still not fully operational, we're relying on Odo back at Deep Space Nine, to decipher the Maquis message. In the meantime, we're combing the DMZ in the hopes of a chance encounter with Eddington. But with each passing hour, our hopes are fading. [Bridge]
