The Sisko has completed his task. The Kosst Amojan no longer threatens us. I have cast it out. The Kosst Amojan tried to stop you with a false vision. But you did not waver. You fulfilled your destiny. The Sisko must still face many tasks. The Emissary is corporeal. Linear. The Sisko is intrusive. Sarah Sisko was corporeal. For a time, I shared her existence. [Sisko's restaurant] The Sisko is necessary. The Sisko would prefer different answers. The Sisko's path is a difficult one. Because it could be no one else. [Desert] (Sisko closes the Orb box.)
You are the Sisko. You must accept your destiny. [Corridor] Your path is a difficult one. She can not share it with you. She cannot walk the same path. That is not your destiny. I gave you life. I shared her existence, guided her to your father. So that you would be born. [Ready room] You must walk the path alone. If you do, you will know nothing but sorrow. You are the Sisko. You are part of me. It is not for you to have. There are many tasks still ahead of you. Accept your fate. Your greatest trial is about to begin. Don't be afraid. (She touches his face.) All will be as it should be. Stay on the path, Benjamin. [Sisko's quarters] (And he comes out of the vision.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Your path is a difficult one. She can not share it with you. If you do, you will know nothing but sorrow. And now, the continuation. [Captain's office] This is not meant to be, Benjamin. Your trial is at hand. You must be strong. If you do this, you will know only sorrow. Your path is a difficult one. (She places his head on her bosom.) I cannot change what is to come. Be careful, my son. [Wardroom]
The Emissary's task is nearing completion. You have walked the path the Prophets laid out for you, Benjamin. Do not falter now. Know this, my son. Your journey's end lies not before you, but behind you. [Bridge] The Emissary has completed his task. You've returned them to their prison within the fire caves. To a door that can never be opened again. He's where he belongs, with the Pah wraiths. Your time of trial has ended. You need to rest now. That won't be necessary. You're with us now. [Wardroom]
