(slowly) Everything. You heard me. I thought something and you heard it. Listen. It's nice. It's probably due to limbic overcompensation. The levels should drop when the new thalamic connections stabilise. I was listening when you were telling the nurses about the procedure. I kept thinking that I wanted to thank you for what you were trying to do for me, and now I finally can. Thank you. [Cargo bay] Hello, everyone. There's so much I want to say to all of you. No, he's right. I can hear the way I sound. (on one note) Do ray mi fa so la ti do. (almost correct) Do ray mi fa so la ti do. Do ray mi fa so la ti. Do ray me do ray me fa It wasn't hard. Your access code only has six digits. I couldn't sleep. I don't want to sleep. What if I wake up the way I was? What if I can't Good morning. You didn't account for the L two codon. That's why the virus mutated. You need to target the RNA transcriptor. Hungry? You would've seen it sooner or later. I'm glad I could do something for you. You've done so much for me. That's all right. I think I'll go see Jack and the others. Oh, wait. You need your breakfast. (A bread roll or similar in a napkin.) What is it, Jack? What's wrong? Of the entire universe? Is that possible? You can't change the cosmological constant. I'm sorry. Hi. No. They're used to my being quiet. It's easier this way. Me? Look at all the people. I remember you. You're Julian's best friend. Why are you pretending that it's not true? You don't. He took your hand. He's showing you his feelings. I liked your friends. All of them. If I had to find someone to replace Atlas and hold up the world, it'd be Miles. He'd do it with a smile, too. And Kira, she never doubts herself, which is what Odo finds so fascinating because he doubts everything but her. The day she realises she's more than just the sum of her parts, she's really going to be something. Too late. You've already given yourself away. Compassionate. Brilliant. Lonely. Which two? I felt so comfortable around them. I didn't have to worry that someone was going to throw a tantrum, or break into tears all of a sudden. Jack's always talking about how we're better than normal people. He says that's why they keep us locked up. But he's wrong. He couldn't get by in the real world. He'd get himself into too much trouble. So would Lauren and Patrick. I'm not going with them, am I. Do they know? They've been like a family to me for as long as I can remember. As difficult as they can be sometimes, I'm going to miss them. We had our own little world, just the four of us. So, what's a genetically enhanced girl supposed to do when she wakes up from a long sleep? Point to one of those little specks of light out there, pack her bag, and go make a life for herself? I should go talk to them. It has to do with a series of binomial equations and probability factors. It's really not that interesting. Should we? I've played enough. Julian, would you mind if we left? [Corridor] (Outside Sarina's quarters.) Oh, I was. But there was so much commotion. Maybe I'm just tired. All right. I don't know. I don't even understand what love is. I don't understand anything. What am I supposed to do? What am I supposed to feel? Tell me. I want to make you happy. I owe you everything. I'm sorry. I wish I could be the woman you want me to be. I guess that's what a genetically enhanced girl should do when she wakes up from her sleep. Go make a life for herself. I'm going to miss you. You won't forget me? Well, I'd better go. (One last kiss, and she walks through the airlock. Bashir watches the shuttle leave from an upper pylon.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
