Yes, sir. You heard what she said. Come on, back to your quarters. Quickly, move. [Infirmary]
Ladies.
Acknowledged.
Security to Odo. Ah-Kel and his crew are blocking the entrance to your office. Should we clear them out?
What about the other two? Understood, Major. Without permission? Major! They're crazy! The man just stuck me with a farm tool, and she attacked me from behind! Stop!
Go ahead. (Rumpelstiltskin starts rifling through things) On our way, Chief.
(with a fire hose) Stand back, please. Clear the way. [Schoolroom] (The fires are put out during the adverts and the forensic investigation is done)
Go ahead. On our way.
Security to General Krim. The enemy forces at airlock fourteen have surrendered. We've taken several prisoners. Aye, sir. [Commander's office]
Acknowledged.
Security to Ops. There's no one down here, Major. No, sir.
Yes, sir. (O'Brien starts climbing an access ladder and drops his phaser. He reaches a higher level and crawls along another conduit to) [Cargo bay] (O'Brien climbs down a handy staircase of cases and uses the cargo transporter to beam into) [Runabout]
Commander.
Are you Shakaar? You're under arrest. Our orders came directly from the office of the First Minister. If you'll come with us.
Vampires come out at night. I've been pushing this cart all day. Believe me, I'm as tired of giving them as you are of taking them. You don't really expect me to let down that forcefield and go in there with you? (Whumph, thump. Odo has morphed and disposed of the other guard.)
A transport just arrived from the Umani sector. The man you asked us to look out for was on it. Aye, sir.
It's not working, sir. It seems to be stuck.
You're with me. Double time! [O'Brien's quarters]
Yes, Major. I'm sorry, I need your level six authorisation code. It's the new protocol. The war. Is everything all right? I guess. (Elbow to stomach, chop to neck.)
Stand clear! (Chandler pushes Bashir to the wall as three armed security run past.)
Hold it! Stop him! (Upstairs, a Starfleet officer is being chased by Bajoran security.) Stop that man! (The man runs down the stairs. Ezri kicks a chair over to slow him up and then throws him to the floor. The man hits her.)
Yes, Eminence. (Bajoran security leaves.)
