(a woman) I am Seltin Rakal of Meridian. I expect it must have come as something of a surprise. Not nowhere, Commander, but a dimension that intersects with this one. I could explain more in detail, if you're interested. We were just about to sit down for First Meal. Why don't you join us? Don't worry. We'll be here for a while. [Village square] (The small settlement is surrounded by lush forest. Everyone is sitting on the ground around a low horseshoe-shaped table) It's good to be together again around this table after so long. What's more, we're fortunate to have visitors to share First Meal with us. You're not eating, Commander. I hope we can satisfy both. Yes. You see, our planet has a dual existence. It shifts between this dimension and another. Well we're not entirely sure. Deral has been studying the phenomenon. It's hard to explain. It's without form. We exist as pure consciousness It becomes non-corporeal as well, but when we return to this dimension, everything is just as we left it. The buildings, the trees, even our bodies. We only age when we're in corporeal form. We deeply appreciate your offer of help, Commander. That's all we can ask. (Sisko catches a ball.) Good luck. [Quark's] Deral, we've been looking for you. Commander Sisko told us the great news. I can't thank you enough for all you've done. The next time Meridian returns here, we'll have thirty years for our people to get to know each other better. Of course. I've called a meeting. Now that we have a future again, we need to start planning for it. And you need to make some decisions as well. The person you need to talk to is Keshara. She's not going to wait for you forever, you know. I'm glad. Think of it, Deral. People can start having families again. Eventually we may have to expand the settlement. As you can see, Jadzia, we have a great deal of planning to do. Well, I think Iwe've kept the others waiting long enough. Come, lets get started. Jadzia, I just wanted you to know how happy we are you've decided to join us. Everyone's beginning to gather. It's almost time.
