There you go, Lieutenant. That should increase your generator output by at least five percent. You must be Commander Sisko. Gideon Seyetik. Great pleasure to meet you, sir. (He's got grey hair and a beard, and a big smile) Good. A man of intelligence and taste. I can see we're going to get along famously. Of course you were. I created the place and even I'm impressed. How did you like Da Vinci Falls? Oh, Commander, you missed Blue Horizon's crowning glory. Imagine water cascading off cliffs the height of Mount Everest, thundering through continuous rainbows, straight into an ocean the colour of sapphire wine. I'm going to have to take you there one day. By God, I wouldn't mind seeing it again myself. Good, good. But first, Epsilon one nineteen. Promising? They look magnificent. Imagine, reigniting a dead sun. Bringing new life to an entire solar system. Next to that, terraforming planets will seem like child's play. Of course it'll work. I never fail. Well, I did once, but I found it didn't agree with me. So I swore never to do it again and I never break my word. You should be glad you're coming with me, Lieutenant. This'll be my crowning achievement. Giving birth to a star. Even I will have a hard time topping that one. [Quark's cafe] A great terraformer needs the green thumb of a gardener, the eye of a painter and the soul of a poet. And of course it doesn't hurt to be a raging egomaniac. Of course. Basically I'll use a remote-piloted shuttlepod to deliver proto-matter into the dead star. This will cause a cascade effect which will transform the star's carbon and oxygen into elemental hydrogen. Then we just stand back and watch the fireworks. Come now, Lieutenant. Nothing of worth was ever created by a pessimist. Precisely, and look at their work. Dark and dreary and dismal. Art should be an affirmation of life. For example, take my own work in the field. Doctor, nobody ever accused me of understatement. Nine volumes and counting. You know, I always said I wanted to write as many books as I've had marriages. Which reminds me, wait till you taste the food my wife has created for you. None of that replicated nonsense you're used to. No, every dish was prepared entirely by Nidell's own sweet hands. And so you shall. She should be just about ready. I'll go and get her. (Seyetik leaves) Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like you to meet my wife and my inspiration. Nidell. (Fenna's identical twin) Well, it took me years to perfect it. The secret, you see, is to sear the kalo roots slightly before layering them over the slices of roasted waroon. (under the dialogue) The most important thing is the broth. One litre of clear Rumall stock. A tumbler and a half of Gremish, two clusters of Vulcan redspice. Half a dozen humat pods, and a dash of ice salt. Then you reduce it in a Andorian boiler, cook it exactly five hundred degrees Kelvin and then just pepper to taste. Any questions? Of course. No trouble at all. Now, I think we should continue this conversation in the other room. We shall be more comfortable there. (Everyone leaves except Sisko and Nidell. She starts clearing the plates.) Must I remind you, Lieutenant, some of us only have one lifetime. I'm telling you, Commander, by the time I was through with New Halana, it was a veritable paradise. How are we doing, Mister Piersall? Let me know when we get there. Don't remind me. Commander, my entire life has been a series of escalating triumphs. It's what I live for, knowing that no matter what I achieve, there's always another triumph waiting for me. Are you familiar with the Klingon poet G'trok? So honour the valiant who die 'neath your sword. Yes, well, a bit obvious perhaps, but true nonetheless. So, what were we talking about? Of course. My favourite subject. Where was I? Ah, of course. Well, you can imagine how grateful the Halanans were. Endless parades and receptions. Got to be a bit of a bore actually. But then I met Nidell. She was the daughter of a local dignitary. She was utterly infatuated with me from the very start. I can't say I blame her, actually. The first time she saw me, I was surrounded by crowds of people, unveiling a statue they'd commissioned in my honour. I could tell from the start she was something special. You know, she'd never been off world before she met me. I promised to show her the galaxy. I'd have given it to her if I could've. She does, Commander. Don't ask me why, but she does. [Prometheus guest quarters] Help her. She won't wake up. You've got to do something! Fenna. I should have known. But you can't be here. Nidell promised me you'd never come back. Just look at her. Of course she looks like you. She is you. The real you. That thing over there isn't real. She's an illusion, created by my wife's unconscious mind. Nidell is a psychoprojective telepath. Fenna's just another one of her projections. She's dying. You've got to something. No! Nidell doesn't even know this is happening. In times of deep emotional distress Halanans sometimes lose control of these abilities. My wife is very emotionally distraught. This happened once before, three years ago on Terosa Prime. It nearly killed her then. She swore to me it'd never happen again. You may have noticed, Commander, that I tend to invoke strong emotions from people, particularly my wives. Oh, they all start out loving me, but a few years of togetherness soon cures them of that. My others all had the good sense to leave me. Halanans mate for life. She can never leave me, no matter how much she might want to. [Prometheus guest quarters]
