Our first visitors. You're not all the same race. A doctor? How ironic. I'm Golin Shel-la, leader of the Ennis. Why are you here? Of course, Commander. But why did you come here? You know nothing of our home planet. You know nothing of the punishment. I apologise for our cautious nature. If you haven't realised, we're at war. A brutal enemy that attacks at whim. We maintain a constant vigil. (holds up a phaser) This is an energy weapon. The Ennis stopped using directed energy weapons centuries ago. Not damaging enough. Your arrival complicates matters. Oh, you expect to repair your ship? Like you, they'll have to deal with the defence net, and that is beyond my influence. We're all prisoners on this moon. My immediate concern regards your partisanship. By your presence here, you'll be considered our allies. All your lives are in danger. (A group of casualties lie groaning) The latest victims of our enemy, the Nol-Ennis. We have none. We were thrust into this situation with few resources. Since you're here under similar circumstances I was hoping we'd be of some help to each other. It doesn't matter what I understand if the Nol capture you. Many times. Too many to count. I'll see to his protection. (Two fighters leave with Bashir) I would like to know more about this breakthrough myself. Your doctor acts as though he's seen a miracle. If you lived with it as we have, you'd see it as a curse. It feels like an eternity. It's all part of the punishment. Everything here is designed to prolong our suffering. The Ennis and the Nol-Ennis are ancient enemies. For generation after generation we fought the same war. The leaders of our planet were unable to mediate a peace. Finally, they sent us all here and told us that we would serve as an example for the rest of civilisation. Some say it was water, some say it was land. It's not really very relevant now. Vengeance. All of us has seen our families suffer incredibly at the hands of the Nol. They probably do. What do you mean? We used to defend ourselves better, Major. Safety perimeters, counter-attacks, preemptive strikes. And then we realised that it was all pointless. When you cease to fear death, the rules of war change. You'll understand as the years begin to pass, Major. Then you will be luckier than we have been. Away from here? To live one life, to die in peace? To us this is an ancient prayer that's never been answered, Commander. You would do this for us? Zlangco, the leader of the Nol would never agree to a cease-fire. You don't know them. All they care about is This is hopeless. But I will talk, if he will. [Runabout Rio Grande] I'm surprised. Zlangco has agreed to listen to your proposals. Right away. We'll meet at a neutral site near your vessel. We've both agreed to carry no firearms. We've taken the appropriate precautions, Major, but if you personally would care to check the security, I'm sure your Commander will allow you to accompany us. What a shame. (Sisko and Shel-La leave) What does it matter to us, Zlangco? You are being a fool, as usual. If you care to die once again, then all you need to do is ask. Zlangco, they will resettle us on different planets. Of course. His crew has been with us for two days. Do you think I would allow a single Nol escape this moon alive? Leaving without us? Then there is no end. You've seen our life here. Please, it's the only solution left. Give us a way to reprogram these microbes. It will put an end to this war. No, but it will allow us to finally win, to wipe out the Nol for good. On this world, Doctor, your disabled microbes would be the ultimate weapon. We could finally and truly destroy our enemies. You can't leave without giving us
