Cadet Shepard reporting as ordered, Captain. Yes, sir. Record, sir? We were told that there was not going to be any written record. No, sir. The briefing officer, sir. She didn't give us her name, sir, but she did say there would be no record of our actions and that our role would have to go unrecognised, at least for now. With all due respect, sir, that's not true, sir. The mission went perfectly. If anything, it was easier than the simulations. I'm not lying to you, sir. I was there. I was at Planetary Operations the whole time. If anything had gone wrong, I would have known about it. Yes, sir. We assembled on the Eastern Quad at seventeen hundred hours on the evening of the twenty third. Yes, sir. After assembly we were beamed aboard the Lakota. Once aboard we received our equipment and the necessary codes, and were transported directly to the Division of Planetary Operations in Lisbon. Oh four hundred hours exactly, local time of course. Our contact inside the DPO gave us access to their computer control network. From there we used the access codes we were given, bypassed the security lockouts, and downloaded the disordering protocols into the network. It was a pretty impressive sight, sir, watching those relays wink out one after another. After that, all we had to do was sabotage the restart sequencers and get out. Like I said, sir, it was all by the numbers. [Sisko's restaurant] (Nighttime.)
(boy) Two one five mark three one zero, aye sir. Sierra four, aye, sir. Aye, sir. Range, one point three two light years. Speed, warp four point seven. Their course is one seven zero mark one three five. Speed warp three point nine seven. They've changed course. Aye, sir. Attention on deck! Mister Sisko. I'm afraid you'll have to miss all the fun. You're going to spend the rest of this mission in the brig. (A series of vignettes, Collins handing out phaser rifles, people coming and going, including a Trill. Stuff being packed away, security running down corridors.) [Valiant Bridge] (Nog goes to his bridge station.) Aye, sir. Aye, sir. Helm ready. Course stable. Ready. They're turning to port. Aye, sir. We're losing our port shields. (Forward targeting scanner 4751 shows the lock. More booms.) Orders, Captain? I've lost helm control.
