A creature born within the comforting anonymity of darkness, awakens in the harsh truth of daylight. It squirms in the glare, afraid of the light that pins it to the chair like a needle through its heart. Its heart beats faster. Panic starts to creep into its soul. Does it understand? Or is it so blinded by the light that it can think only of returning to the velvet cloak of darkness? No matter. Perhaps it is better that it doesn't realise how close death has come. But make no mistake, there is no escape. It has reached the end, and soon it will die. It bares its tiny fangs, hoping for a chance to strike, to sink its teeth deep into the flesh of its tormentor. But that chance will never come. And somewhere beneath the gleam of hatred in those eyes lurks the certain knowledge of its impending death. And it begins to know fear. No, Kira! I didn't murder anyone. You did! You killed them all. Talk and lies won't help you. You're in the light and the light reveals the truth. And the light shows me no regret in those eyes, no compassion. Unrepentant. How unfortunate. I thought you might have changed, might have found a path out of the darkness. That is part of your guilt. You did this to me. (Finally we see that Silaran is a badly mutilated Cardassian.) And you don't even know who I am. No, I wasn't part of your war. I was an innocent. I wasn't even in the military. You know what I did on Bajor? I was a servant. I cleaned uniforms for Gul Pirak. I'm glad that you remember. Now, do you remember what you did? How you put a plasma charge outside his bedroom window in the middle of the night? Trentin Fala showed you how to circumvent the defence system. Latha Mabrin built the plasma charge. Furel and Lupaza stood guard outside while you crept up to the house. You vaporised the entire east wing! Twelve Cardassians were killed, including Gul Pirak's entire family. Twenty three others were crippled. Don't you feel guilty? Don't you feel ashamed of what you did? And that's what makes you a murderer. Indiscriminate killing. No sense of morality. No thought given to the consequences of your actions. That's what makes us different. I am bringing the guilty to justice. And unlike you, I take care to protect the innocent. I could have killed every monk in that cavern or everyone on the runabout, or half the population of Deep Space Nine, but I didn't. Only the guilty have died. And that is why, although though your actions have condemned you, the life of your child will be spared. The creature's diseased mind cannot understand its plight. Its imagination is too limited to perceive the truth. It cannot be saved. But there is still hope for its child. It can be taken from the womb and raised in the light. The creature's cries grow louder, but no one can hear them. All that remains is to bring the child into the light and discard the diseased carcass of the mother before it can infect it's offspring. It's time. Don't worry. I promise that I'll take care of the child and that I'll teach him the difference between darkness and light. (He lights up a laser scalpel.) All right. I'll show more mercy than you have. Take a good look at my face, Kira. I want it to be the last thing you see. (He gives her a hypo.) The creature slept, dreaming its dark dreams and happy to be out of the light. The innocent life it held would awaken in brilliance, and never know darkness again. (He turns off the forcefield and Kira kicks him away. She gets the phaser and shoot him.) (Some time later, Sisko, Bashir and Odo beam in.)
