You've put on weight and your hair is going grey. I thought you would be in your grave by now. Thank you, Captain. Where is she? I'll find my way. If you'll excuse me. (Yup, they're deeply in love. I'm thinking Benedick and Beatrice from  Much Ado About Nothing.) What is he doing here? Then leave. (Worf leaves.) Your worthiness to join our House will now be judged according to the traditions of my family. I doubt that. A Klingon woman would find it difficult to gain my favour. For an alien, it will most likely be impossible. I will not have my authority challenged by you. If you cannot say what you mean, say nothing at all. The evaluation will begin tomorrow morning. Have the traditional meal prepared before I arrive. And in the future, if you cannot trouble yourself to make real var'Hama candles, try not to use such obvious fakes. [Rotarran ready room] Again. You continue to rush through the ceremony, your body position is poor and the placement of the braziers on their pedestals is sloppy. A Klingon woman would not complain. I wouldn't have to. She'd have done it correctly the first time. End this now, Jadzia. Go back to your own people. They will tolerate your weaknesses and your failings in a way that a Klingon family never will. In our House, you would always be an alien, an outsider. At best, you'd be an object of pity. But you'd never be accepted, never an equal, because you can never truly be one of us. (Dax lifts the braziers again.) You are straying from the saga. Your task is to recite the complete chronicle of the women in my family. I am familiar with Klingon history. Now, return to the story of my twenty third maternal grandmother, Shenara, daughter of Emperor Reclaw in the Second Dynasty. My grandmother's name was Shenara. Continue with the saga. You! Leave her or I'll cut your head off and hang it from my belt. It is time for the Bre'Nan ritual. Busy acting like a Risian slut. You will come with me now and perform the Bre'Nan ritual to my satisfaction or I will cancel your wedding. Mok'Ta vor, kash a'VEH! (Sirella spits and leaves) With fire and steel did the gods forge the Klingon heart. So fiercely did it beat, so loud was the sound, that the gods cried out, 'On this day we have brought forth the strongest heart in all the heavens. None can stand before it without trembling at its strength.' But then the Klingon heart weakened, its steady rhythm faltered and the gods said, 'Why have you weakened so? We have made you the strongest in all of creation. And the heart said And the gods knew that they had erred. So they went back to their forge and brought forth another heart. (Enter Dax in her red leather wedding dress and broad smile. Alexander brings two bat'leths.) But the second heart beat stronger than the first, and the first was jealous of its power. (Worf and Dax cross bat'leths, and she puts hers against his neck.) Fortunately, the second heart was tempered by wisdom. And when the two hearts began to beat together, they filled the heavens with a terrible sound. For the first time, the gods knew fear. They tried to flee, but it was too late. The Klingon hearts destroyed the gods who created them and turned the heavens to ashes. To this very day, no one can oppose the beating of two Klingon hearts. Not even me. Worf, son of Mogh, does your heart beat only for this woman? And will you swear to join with her and stand with her against all who oppose you? Jadzia, daughter of Kela, does your heart beat only for this man? And do you swear to join with him and stand with him against all who would oppose you? Then let all present here today know that this man and this woman are married. (Worf kisses his bride.) Welcome to the House of Martok, my daughter. (Sirella and Dax embrace.)
Jadzia, daughter of Kela, does your heart beat only for this man? And do you swear to join with him and stand with him against all who would oppose you? And do you swear to join with him and stand with him against all who would oppose you?
