Almost a six degree increase during the forty-three seconds. Affirmative. Chief? We're ready.
Tell them that Navarch Li Nalas wants to address the Chamber of Ministers on subspace.
I'm not sure what bothers me more. The date itself, or the fact that it almost passed unnoticed. (Sisko is staring at a 3D chess set)
Major, you have new orders. I want you to find the Yukon and destroy it [Ops]
Sisko to Worf. I'd like to see you in my office, Commander.
Sisko to Bashir. [Defiant Bridge]
What happened? Pull us to a safe distance.
All senior staff report to the bridge, immediately. [Bridge]
Sisko to Dax. Report to Habitat Ring, level J seventeen. There's been another murder. [Vanderweg's quarters]
Chief, what's going on out there? I'm ordering you to return to the station. Now!
There has to be something we can do. Give me the bottom line. I'll be in my office. Keep me informed.
Go ahead, Chief. Mister O'Brien, report to Ops immediately. [Promenade]
Doctor? Understood. [Moon] Go ahead, Chief. Only three of us are coming back. Kai Opaka is remaining. That's correct. I'll explain later.
I'll meet you all there. [Sisko's quarters]
We saw the same message. [Ore Processing unit] What is it? Get as many people as you can to the Defiant and the runabouts. [Corridor] Chief, can you hear me? [Corridor] Chief, answer me. (Jake goes into the conduit.) [Reactor control junction] (Sisko is reversing rods and pressing buttons.)
Sisko to Ganda. Ganda, respond. Personal log, stardate 52576.2. Dax and Worf are four days overdue. Dominion activity at their last known position has prevented us from sending a search team. For the time being, there's nothing to do but wait and hope that they're all right. (The model house continues apace. Suddenly we go into Prophet Limbo and then) [Promenade]
Sisko to Kira. Is Haneek with you? I need both of you in Ops immediately. Tumak has taken a ship. He's headed for Bajor. [Ops]
Kira has moved against us. She has Dax on her side. [Corridor] Clear us a path to the Valerian ship.
How is that possible?
While I was posting the weekly casualty list in the wardroom. Every Friday morning for the past three months, I've posted the official list of Starfleet personnel killed, wounded or missing in the war. (Everyone looks for names they know. Don't look too closely, names are repeated. Captain Margaret Clark is there six times.) It's become something of a grim ritual around here. Not a week goes by that someone doesn't find the name of a loved one, a friend or an acquaintance on that damned list. (Dax finds a name.) I've grown to hate Fridays. That was the moment I made the decision. It was like I had stepped through a door and locked it behind me. I was going to bring the Romulans into the war. [Captain's office] My father used to say that the road to hell is paved with good intentions. [Sisko's quarters] If there's one thing I've learned over the years, it's that bad news invariably comes in the middle of the night. Why I didn't listen to the voice in the back of my mind telling me not to believe a word he said, I'll never know. [Captain's office] But it didn't take long for me to come face to face with the fact that I'd made a mistake. So I pushed on. And every time another doubt appeared before me, I just found another way to shove it aside. If Vreenak discovered that the data rod was a forgery, if he realised that we were trying to trick them into war, it could push the Romulans even farther into the enemy camp. They could start to openly help the Dominion. If worse came to worst, they could actually join the war against us. I had the distinct feeling that victory or defeat would be decided in the next few minutes. [Wardroom] (Sisko enters, Vreenak dismisses his guards.) So I went back to work. Two days later, I got the news. (It must be Friday.)
Mister Garak, I'd like to see you in the wardroom immediately. Bring your tailor's kit. [Wardroom]
What do you need? Snowing? Bring in all available security, Odo. [Ops] Just try to keep things under control, Odo. We're working on it. They're coming in now, Chief. Stand by. Sisko to Kira. Report. Kira, can you read me? Major Kira, report.
Sisko to O'Brien. Please report to my office.
When did you realise it wasn't a bird of prey? So what was the first sign of trouble, Mister Worf? (Boom, Red alert!)
Go ahead. Go ahead. [Runabout Ganges] Ganges. Drop out of warp, or we will open fire. (Tahna puts him bomb together) Repeat. Reduce your power immediately or we will open fire. Sisko to Kira. Are you all right, Major? Listen to me carefully, Tahna. [Runabout Ganges] And I can let them deal with you this time. [Runabout Ganges]
For your repast this afternoon. Stand by, Doctor. [Conduit] Go ahead. Go ahead. On our way, Chief. [Security office] (Sisko's team come out of the airlock. He diverts the troops while a smoke bomb is rolled to the office door.) This is Commander Benjamin Sisko. Please listen very carefully. The Cardassians are supplying the weapons for this coup, Jaro doesn't know. The Cardassians are using the Kressari to deliver the weapons to the Circle. The proof is on its way to Bajor. Once this evidence is presented, the coup will end. We don't want to fight you or hurt anyone. Your officers will be our guests for awhile. I hope they won't mind Starfleet combat rations. (Day is beamed out) [Ops] Sisko to Bashir. We're in position. You've got it. Just make as much noise as you can before you surrender, Doctor.
Status, Chief? Chief, we've got some storm victims coming into docking bay five. They may be in need of assistance.
This is the Captain. All senior officers report to Operations immediately.
Go ahead. Sisko to Odo. I need to see you in my office, Constable.
I'm taking the ship into the atmosphere. [Bridge] We need impulse power. How many atmospheric probes do we have on board? Quantum torpedoes? Sisko to Bashir. The emergency forcefield won't [Bridge] That deck so we can seal it off. Get out of there as soon as you're done. In about [Bridge]
When the Defiant arrived at Cardassia Prime, we weren't sure if we were dealing with a genuine Orb or one of the fakes that have cropped up over the years. [Defiant Corridor] I had it secured in one of the crew quarters so we could bring it back to Bajor for authentication. But before we left Cardassia, we took on a passenger. [Mess hall] (Does this guy look familiar? It's Charlie Brill.) With the Defiant under cloak we left Cardassian space and managed to avoid being detected by the Klingons. We were halfway home, and I was just starting to breath easy. She was orbiting one of the old Deep Space stations. K-seven, near the Klingon border. Security reported that just before we were thrown back in time, someone stunned the deputy who was guarding the orb and broke into the cabin. It didn't take us long to realise who it was. [Mess hall] Dax was right about the Klingons. They were only interested in shore leave, and Captain Kirk allowed them to beam aboard the station in small groups. When the Enterprise stood down from Red Alert, we all resumed our search for Darvin. Dax and I resumed our search for Darvin.) That's right, but instead of being taken to the brig, they were brought in for questioning.) The bomb's not [Enterprise turbolift] After the bomb was detonated, history continued uninterrupted, and thanks to the tribbles [Station manager's office] Kirk was able to uncover the truth about Darvin. By the time we returned to the Defiant, Major Kira had discovered how to use the Orb to bring us back to our own time. [Captain's office]
Sisko to Dax. We arrive at Starbase three seven five in five minutes.
Where are we going to get that kind of money? Al, one of the countmen, takes a break to call home. (Al goes to a pay phone.) He never varies his routine. He's gone for eight minutes every night.
I'll talk to Admiral Ross.
Doctor Bashir. Chief O'Brien. Report to landing pad five.
Sisko to Kira. Major, I thought you might like to know we've received word that Vedek Bareil is coming aboard the station. His ship just arrived at docking bay twelve. [Corridor]
Keep us posted. Do you have the coordinates?
Beam us directly to the crash site. [Crash site] (A big ship has rammed itself into the cliff face, belly up, leaving a trail of burning behind it.) Break orbit and get out of sight
Setting a new course to those coordinates. [Runabout Rio Grande] Rio Grande to DS Nine.
Get your people out of there, Chief. [Ops]
Sisko to Kira. I'm preparing to beam down. Major, either I'm coming down or you're coming up.
Sisko to Doctor Bashir. We need medical assistance above the bar in holosuite four. Sisko to Odo. May I see you in my office, please.
Doctor Bashir! Answer me! Bashir! Doctor. Lower the shields. I'll explain later. Lower the shields now! (As Julian reaches for the control, he is gripped with pain as Vantika strikes back) [Ops]
Just tell me how long it will take. [Engine room]
Sisko to Dax. I'd like to see you in my office, Commander.
Sisko to Constable Odo. Please report to Ops immediately.
Sisko to Dax. Good news. We've been able to get the probe down another thousand kilometres [Bridge]
Sisko to Bashir. Doctor, please report to the wardroom immediately.
Chief, what are you doing down there? I want those upper pylons operational, Chief. That's your priority. Understood? Station log, stardate 47552.9. Admiral Gupta has arrived to personally assess the Cardassian movements along the border. Several Federation colonies in the demilitarised zone have complained of (later) lost in a shuttlepod somewhere in the vicinity of the third moon of Bajor Seven. We have two runabouts and the Admiral seemed satisfied that the Cardassians would not violate the treaty.
They'll be here. [Runabout Rio Grande]
I'll be right out. (Sisko comes out of a Jefferies tube.)
