She does not understand. Restore us to our rightful place in the Celestial Temple. The Orb of Prophecy. How may I serve you? Colonel Kira to see you, Eminence. Eminence, Anjohl is here. He claims you called for him. As you wish. (Solbor sighs and leaves.)
Regarding your scheduled retreat to the Calash monastery? Very good. Now, about your appearance before the Vedek Assembly. Cancel an appearance before the Vedek Assembly? As you wish. May I ask what exactly you will be doing? I see. I'll see to it immediately. (Solbor leaves.) The text of the Kosst Amojan, as you requested Eminence, may I speak frankly? This book has not been removed from the archives, not for seven hundred years. The knowledge it contains about the Pah wraiths, it is said to be very dangerous. There is an old saying. He who studies evil, is studied by evil. I wish it could. But this man. One day he comes onto Deep Space Nine and the next, he's become your closest advisor. What do we know of him? Where did he come from? What does he want? This is his idea, isn't it? To study this hateful book. Here are the other volumes you wanted. Eminence. I must inform you that the archivists are very concerned. They're wondering why you need to consult so many of these dark texts. I'm returning these books to the archives. I believe her Eminence has finished. How dare you use that tone with me (Dukat knocks Solbor down and picks up the books.) Get away from her! Eminence, that man is not Anjohl Tennan. Anjohl Tennan died nine years ago in the labour camp at Batal. I warned you not to trust him. I had a sample of his DNA sequenced. He's not even a Bajoran. He's a Cardassian. Don't listen to him. Look at him. Don't you recognise the face of your enemy? It's Gul Dukat. He lied to you. Used you. I don't know why you wanted to do this, for what evil purpose, but it's not going to work! The love of the Pah wraiths? You're trying to release them. That's why you wanted the text of the Kosst Amojan. You betrayed the Prophets. You betrayed us all! You must be stopped.
Her pagh is strong. Bajor's fate rests with you. He will have the wisdom of the land. Eminence? There's a man here who requests an audience with you. This is Anjohl Tennan, from Relliketh. Forgive me for disturbing you at this hour, Eminence, but Anjohl is here and he insists on seeing you. As you wish. (Solbor leaves.)
