I'm fine. I had a minor disagreement with some Starfleet security officers. They refused to allow me to speak with the Federation's negotiating team. I wanted to protest the exclusion of the Romulan Empire from the treaty negotiations. Every great power in the Alpha Quadrant has been invited to participate except for us. The mistake is thinking the Romulan empire will stand by and allow such a betrayal to go unchallenged. Believe me, Doctor, if a treaty is signed without our approval, it will mean war. Commander Sisko! The last thing I remember is being shot by some Jem'Hadar soldier.
The security arrangements were by my request to protect the cloaking device. (Everyone say Hi! to  Martha Hackett, soon to become the duplicitous Seska on Voyager.) Romulan interests will be served through cooperation, and my role is to keep unauthorised personnel away from the cloaking device. Thank you, but I know their names, and I'm not here to make friends. (T'Rul leaves) Impulse engines online. Warp power available at your command. Understood. The cloaking device is operating within normal parameters. Aye, sir. No. We may not have been detected. A cloaked ship radiates a slight subspace variance at warp speeds. It's not something we've been eager to reveal. I suggest dropping out of warp. That will eliminate the variance. When they reach our position they'll find nothing. I'm not sure. Bridge to Commander Sisko. We've reached the Callinon System. In order to use the phasers we will have to decloak. That means we'll be seen by the Jem'Hadar. That's exactly what we should do Doctor. Leave them. We came here to locate the Founders, not to fight the Jem'Hadar over two expendable crew members. Three Jem'Hadar ships have just entered sensor range, bearing zero three seven, mark two one five. Negative. Direct hit on the port nacelle. They might have analysed the sensor information from the anti-proton scan and found a way to penetrate the cloak. Communications and long range sensors are out. The starboard power coupling is destroyed. I'm trying to reroute main power. (Boom! kills the anonymous helmsman) I can't get the phase inducers to align with the ODN matrices in the Main power is offline! The shields have collapsed!
