Meru, I found Nerys. (Kira looks over to a woman holding a baby.) Wandering over there, scrounging for food. That's all? It's barely half a cup. It's not enough. How do they expect us to survive? What are you talking about? My wife stood in line all day to get it. If you think you can just (A second thug puts a knife to Taban's throat.) Thank you. I wish we could repay your kindness somehow, but we have so little food. No! (A Cardassian takes the baby from Meru.) Meru! Oh, no, no. (Kira and Nerys look at each other.) Meru, I hope the Cardassians aren't lying to me and that they really will send this message to you. I know it's only been a few weeks that we've been back home, but you should see the children. It's like they've been transformed. Reon and Pohl are laughing and playing together, they've never been happier. And I swear, little Nerys must have gained five pounds. Of course, they keep asking for you. I've told them that you're still at the refugee centre. I think that's best, at least for the time being. I can't believe how much I miss you. I think about you all the time. You've saved all our lives. I hope you realise that. (Meru is crying) Never forget it, not even for an instant. Every day I pray to the Prophets that you'll find some peace in this new life of yours. I believe that even in the worst of times, we can still find moments of joy and kindness. If you can find that kindness, hold on to it. And remember, no matter what happens, I love you, Meru. I'll always love you.
Nerys! Nerys, don't leave me. I was such a fool. When the Cardassians started setting fire to the village, I tried to talk to them, to reason with them. Look what they've done to me. They burnt my garden, set fire to everything. I worked for years planting it, caring for it, and now it's gone. I wish I had your strength, Nerys, your confidence. I'm so afraid. Don't go. Stay with me. The medic can wait. I don't want to be alone. [Ghemor's quarters] My garden. They burned my garden. I can hear the Prophets calling me, Nerys. I can feel my pagh slipping away. The others. Let them. You don't have to go.
