Space station, do you read? Space station Please! Repeating request for emergency docking! Please! My name is Tahna Los. Request political asylum. Kira? (after the opening credits, medics are wheeling Tahna away) Two and a half, actually. Major? What do you need to know, Commander? You really want to hear the story of my life? Any one of a hundred that would lead to a Cardassian death sentence. Frankly, yes. To be honest, I'm not sure anymore. We say we're punishing them for crimes committed against us for over half a century, but I've had enough of the killing. Strange to run into each other here, isn't it? Wearing that uniform, I thought maybe you'd forgotten. Working on the inside hasn't dulled that old fire just a little? Don't get along? Kira, do you think he'll give me to the Cardassians? That's the Kira I remember. [Commander's Office] I can adapt to that part very quickly, thank you. I don't think the Federation has any use for my particular talents. I thought you were under Sisko's command. You see, that's something I could never adapt to. Why? Why should they be here at all? What right does this so-called Provisional Government have to bring them here After everything we fought for, Kira. Freedom from domination, true independence. No outsiders. No Cardassians, and no Federations. Oh, yes, the wormhole. I don't want to be a power in the quadrant. I want Bajor for Bajorans. I want our homeland back. You have adapted, haven't you. Yes. Yes, I am finished with the Kohn-Ma. There are some who might, if there were assurances. It's on its way. I couldn't stop to get it. I barely got past the Cardassians. It will be available tomorrow. Yes? I never realised you were such an accomplished politician. You manipulate Sisko and the Federation, the ministers of the Provisional Government. And here we expected to find that Kira Nerys had lost the fire in her heart. I am Kohn-Ma. I fight for the freedom of Bajor. You once fought for it as well. Stop deluding yourself! You say you don't believe in the Federation, you say you don't believe in the Provisional Government, and yet you are their dance instructor. Don't be naive, Major. Once you're in your comfortable bed with the Federation, you won't be able to get out. We won't be able to get out. No. No, the violence is over. That is the truth. No one will get hurt in any way, I promise you that. But I do need your help. To do what we plan, we need a small ship capable of warp speed. I gambled that I could convince you to get it for us. In one move and non-violently, we accomplish everything both of us has ever wanted for Bajor. I know the game too, Kira. You know I cannot risk telling you that. Well, if you do, we'll both know where your loyalties are, won't we? [Replimat] An anti-matter converter. I'm transferring power from the ship's warp drive into the storage cells. It's all right. We're here to meet them. You'll know soon enough. [Runabout Ganges] Thirteen kilograms of gold-pressed latinum, as promised. Bajoran independence. [Runabout Ganges] What is that? They must've been waiting for us here. How did they know? Prepare to engage warp engines. We don't have to go far. (Kira tries to get a phaser but Tahna hits her.) I should have know. Now set the course for DS Nine. If you don't, I'll explode the bomb right here and destroy all six colonies on Bajor Eight. The question is whether you would kill them by refusing to set the course. [Runabout Ganges] I doubt that he'll shoot while his Major is on board. But just in case. This is the voice of the Kohn-Ma. [Runabout Ganges] There is an armed bilitrium explosive device on board this ship. [Runabout Yangtzee Kiang] Fire on us and you will detonate it. [Runabout Ganges] No one's going to be hurt, Kira. Adjust your course to take a vectored approach past the mouth of the wormhole. I don't have to destroy it, just have to collapse the entrance. No more wormhole, no more Federation or Cardassians. Or anyone. Drop out of warp. Now! (Kira does so, and also a sharp turn to throw Tahna off balance.) [Runabout Ganges] Damn you! No, she's not all right, Commander. And if you want her alive you'll do exactly as I say. Traitor. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
