Doctor Bashir. Welcome. Please make yourself at home. (After the break) Well, Doctor, you've come all this way to see me. Aren't you going to say something? Information's my business. And you're Doctor Julian Subatoi Bashir. I hope you weren't greeted too rudely upon entering Cardassian space. Good. I alerted them that you'd be coming. The military hates surprises. Still, what you did was very brave. I'm impressed. Can I get you something to drink? Tarkalean tea perhaps? A good host knows the needs of his guests. One Tarkalean tea, extra sweet, and a glass of kanar. So, Lieutenant, how's Garak? Has his condition improved at all? Everyone has reason to fear the Order. Oh, I am. Have been for years. But I try to keep informed on current events. I bet you could tell me all kinds of things I'd like to know, Doctor. I don't think that will be necessary. Are all the Starfleet Lieutenants as brash as you are? So do I. Tell me, Doctor, how sick is Garak? And you're trying to save him. Strange. I thought you were his friend. Then you should let him die. After all, for Garak, a life in exile is no life at all. My help? What can I do? And you think I have access to that kind of information? I never had to order Garak to do anything. That's what made him special. So, you're saying if you don't get the information, Garak dies? Well, we can't allow that can we? I'll see to it that the necessary data is transferred to your station's computers. Don't thank me. I'm not doing Garak any favours. He doesn't deserve a quick death. On the contrary, I want him to live a long, miserable life. I want him to grow old on that station, surrounded by people who hate him, knowing that he'll never come home again. And it's from the heart, I assure you. And now, Doctor, I really think you should be going. Make it brief. Did he give you the name of this friend? (chuckling) Elim? I can see that Garak hasn't changed a bit. Never tells the truth when a lie will do. That man has a rare gift for obfuscation. Doctor, Elim is Garak's first name. Now run along home. And please, tell Garak that I miss him.
Ah, Garak. It's good of you to come. It spares me the trouble of having to send someone else to kill you. Come in, come in. It's been a long time, Elim. So, you're a tailor now. Is this one of your creations? I don't think I like the neckline. Constable Odo, I've always wanted to meet you. Oh come now. Haven't you ever been the least bit curious about me, about my relationship with Garak, or our work in the Obsidian Order? He's good. He hides his true feelings almost as well as you do, Elim. He'd have made a good operative in the old days. Cunning, isn't he? He makes a racial slur within earshot of two Romulans, putting me in the position of either defending them, thus giving away my allegiance to them, or letting the comment pass, in which case he's managed to plant a seed of discord between us. I think you'll find when I have something to say, you won't have any trouble understanding it. To answer your question, Garak, no I'm not on a pleasure cruise. This ship is part of a fleet of Romulan and Cardassian vessels. A fleet that will very soon be travelling through the wormhole into the Gamma Quadrant. Not exactly. A clear and precise analysis. Commander Sisko must find you a valuable advisor. Who said anything about the Central Command? This is a joint operation between the Obsidian Order and the Tal Shiar. We've been building a fleet of ships in the Orias System for months now. I don't think they'll be striking back. Our intention is to wipe out the Dominion in one single blow by eliminating the Founders. Without them, the Dominion will collapse. You seem disturbed by this, changeling. Why? After all, didn't you turn your back on your people. We know everything you know, including the location of their homeworld. And the Romulans have shared it with me. Because, Garak, I don't plan on going back into retirement when this is over. I plan on going back to my old job and my old life. Like I used to say. Always burn your bridges behind you. You never know who might be trying to follow. True. They should never have hired the Flaxian to blow up your shop. You blew up your own shop? You, my friend, are a true original. If you hadn't betrayed me, things would have been very different. I never thought I'd hear myself say this, Garak, but I believe you. You can go. The changeling of course will have to stay, but you're free to go. Your runabout is in launching bay three. Just like that. It's too late. Central Command will have a war on its hands, whether it wants one or not. And as for Starfleet, this isn't their fight. They won't interfere. It's not a trick, it's a choice. You can walk out that door, or join me. That is what you've been waiting for, isn't it? To end your exile, to come back into the fold. I'm asking you to serve Cardassia again, by my side. I can't forgive what you did but I can try to forget, to put it aside as if it never happened. So, do you want to go back to your shop and hem pants or shall we pick up where we left off?
Since the Jem'Hadar are genetically addicted to a drug that only the Founders can provide, we expect the Jem'Hadar to weaken and die once their supplies of the drug run out. A matter of days by our estimates. However, that will give them enough time to stage some kind of counterattack against the Alpha Quadrant, so I suggest you place the Cardassian fleet on alert. I take this action not in defiance of the Cardassian state, but in defence of it. You in the Central Command have neglected the security of our people and allowed peace with Bajor and the Federation to blind you to the real threat, the Dominion. I intend to remove that threat. Let history be my judge.
My message. It got through? Where are the others? You allowed yourselves to be taken prisoner? I taught you better than that. Living on that station has dulled your wits. What do you want me to say? But I couldn't count on you, could I? All you've done is to doom us both. [Wardroom] Elim? Elim, is that you? Everything's gone dark. I can't see you. Are you alone? Surjak, Memad, Brun. They can't be trusted. They must be dealt with. What about Gul Vorlem? Were you been able to contact him? The Romulan ambassador? Good. A man shouldn't allow his enemies to outlive him. Elim, promise me one thing. Don't die here. Escape. Live. You wouldn't deny an old man his revenge, would you? You're not my son. I should have killed your mother before you were born. You have always been a weakness I can't afford. Elim, remember that day in the country? You must have been almost five. I can still see you on the back of that riding hound. You must have fallen off a dozen times but you never gave up. I was very proud of you that day. (Tain dies.)
You're not my son.
