Dax. You are Dax. We turn right at the next corridor. Come on. [Ops] (Odo is flicking through the CCTV cameras) Move. [Ops] You're the Chief of Security? My name is Ilon Tandro, special envoy from Klaestron Four in charge of this extradition procedure. You'll find that to be a valid warrant for her arrest. The relevant treaty between Klaestron Four and your Federation allows for unilateral extradition. The fugitive Dax is charged with treason and the murder of my father. [Security office] You've received your confirmation, Commander. Now we'd like to be on our way with the prisoner. I trust you have figured out, Commander, that our extradition treaty with your Federation is current and valid. What does that mean to us? That's absurd. No Bajoran interests are even involved here. My conversation is with the Commander. Understood, Madame Arbiter. The accused Trill, whatever its present appearance may be, was and is a Federation officer who committed capital crimes on our planet. Since there is no time limit on the prosecution of such crimes The evidence was contained in military files which were officially sealed until recently. You are arguing semantics. This creature is a Trill. The symbiont known as Dax has progressed from one host to the next. That's ridiculous. Madame Arbiter, I call on the expert knowledge of another Trill, Selin Peers. Minister Peers, we're fortunate to have you with us. Minister, through how many hosts have you survived? Do you remember your very first host? Do you remember what you thought and felt when you were joined with your first host? So if a crime is committed by a Trill, then the symbiont's next host would remain aware of it, would recall that crime? Would recall the details of it. And would still feel the guilt of it. I don't believe that I have, Madame Arbiter. The real point is that Commander Sisko would have you endorse his idea of a perfect Trill crime. To commit it, all one has to do is elude capture long enough to change hosts, and then he or she can go free. Just to return us to what's important here, Madame Arbiter, the accused can remember any crimes she committed as Curzon Dax and nothing can be truthfully asserted in this hearing that can alter that fact. This is outrageous. You can't let Dax get away with murder. This is not at all relevant. Doctor, I've looked through your research myself. It's quite impressive for such a young man. As a layman, there are obviously things I don't fully understand. Yes? Well, exactly how does the Trill brain work? Two? Two brains. And these two brains talk to each other? That's very clear, Doctor. Thank you. Now, in your investigations, were you able to analyse the separate wave patterns from each of these brains? I didn't ask you how they function, Doctor Bashir. I asked if you could analyse the two distinct patterns. Could you? And have the brainwave patterns of the symbiont changed since it joined with its new host? What's your best guess? In fact, is there evidence of any change at all in the symbiont since it joined with this new host? Yes or no. Thank you, Doctor Bashir. You've been very helpful. As you've already said, Commander, this is not a trial. Commander, Starfleet officers do have the reputation of being honourable and I judge you to be an honourable man. As an honourable man, do you think this crime should go unpunished? Then, if it were possible, even you would not argue with punishing the symbiont part of Dax. No. They'd both be guilty. You yourself have argued that the two personalities, once joined, function as one. Your own Doctor Bashir confirmed it. When you put salt in water, the two become indistinguishable and inseparable. This will only take a minute. Lieutenant, as a Trill candidate, did Jadzia fully understand the responsibilities to be assumed upon becoming a Trill, and did you willingly accept those responsibilities, and whatever consequences they might entail? And would that not obviously include the consequences of criminal acts committed by Curzon Dax? (Enina enters with Odo) Mother, what are you talking about?
