Do I have to? She hasn't disappeared. She'll be back. She seemed fine. When will she be coming home? You wanted to ask me questions. I guess. What happened to your face? You mean you're a changeling? There's no such thing as changelings. They're make-believe. Everyone knows that. All right, then let me see you change into something. If I were a changeling, I'd change shapes all the time. Everyone would want to be my friend. Why wouldn't it be? Maybe they were scared of you. I'm not afraid of you. Were your parents changelings too? My father died when I was four. I don't remember him very well. The last time I saw my mother, she was in her workroom making pottery. When I went to get her for midday meal, she was gone. Happy. She was making a vase for Mister Depnen, the baker. He really likes my mom so he always saves us the best loaf of greenbread. We don't go on trips. No, we never leave the valley. Nobody ever leaves the valley. Everything we need is right here. My mother's never coming back, is she? That's what grandfather told me. And then the great Minra said to the evil changeling, 'maybe you can turn into a mountain, or a ghergher beast, or a tornado, but those are big things and big things are easy. I bet you can't turn into something small, like a loaf of greenbread.' And so the changeling said 'Yes I can.' and he did, and do you know what happened? How'd you know that? Could you turn into a loaf of greenbread? Show me. You see that tree. Sometimes we go there to play. That's the farthest I've ever been from the village. But I want to come see too. But I brought you some harrid berries. (As Taya holds out her hand, it disappears, and reappears as she draws it back) [Village] (Dax is getting into the device's controls.) Grandfather, please, let her try. I can't wait to see my mother. (Taya runs over to Odo.) Your face isn't so scary, once you get used to it. Mother? Mother? Mother! (Joyful reunions going on all around.) Odo, my mother's back. You're leaving. I'll miss you. Thank you for bringing my mother back. I hope you find your parents, too.
