Quark. I understand you had a visit from a Talavian freighter captain this morning. A Captain Livara, I believe. I'm surprised you're being so indiscreet. Captain Livara is a known smuggler. Rumour has it that the Obsidian order has had him under surveillance for several months. Rumour also has it that they're planning on bringing in all of Livara's co-conspirators for questioning. Yes. They're usually true. So when the Order asks me for a list of all of Livara's known associates on board the station And that's all? I hope so. Because if I find out that you've been dealing in illegal crystals, I'll hand you over to the Order myself. (Thrax leaves) Quiet down. Quiet down. Quiet. Quiet please! Quiet please! Kara Polus, Brin Tusk and Marat Kobar. Your sentence is five years hard labour. Trial to confirm this sentence will take place at seventeen hundred hours. Benten Vek, your fine has been paid and you'll be free to go within the hour. Lobo, Horis, Romara, Pelin and Gramm. You are being transferred to Cardassian authorities on Bajor for interrogation. Timor, Ishan, Jillur. You came aboard the station two days ago from Rakantha Province. Yesterday you paid a visit the chemist shop and then fell asleep on the Promenade. Last night you were hired as a cleanup crew by the Ferengi, and after you were paid, you went back to the Bajoran sector and attempted to murder Gul Dukat with a chambered plasma grenade. None of which have come forward. Epidermal scans revealed the presence of trinitrogen chloride on your hands and clothing. TNC is one of the components used in plasma grenades. Or you used the opportunity of working at Quarks to obtain the TNC in the first place. You all have ties to the Bajoran underground. (Garak) You have three cousins who are known Resistance members. (Sisko) Five of your friends are suspected sympathisers. Quiet! That may be true. But you were seen rushing toward Dukat after the explosion. Everyone else was running away. The report of the Cardassian guard states that you were found over the body of Gul Dukat, attempting to strangle him. I don't interrogate members of the Cardassian military. Quiet! Quiet down! There is sufficient evidence for a conviction. This investigation is over. Your case is going before a special tribunal this afternoon. You will be informed of the sentence just before it meets. Halt! (Dax whirls and shoots the guard behind them, then gets shot herself. Odo fights that guard, Sisko fights Thrax. Garak shoots the guard who is throttling Odo is fighting. Sisko and Thrax trade blows, then Thrax morphs into goo and goes into a vent. They all help Dax up.) You said you wanted to see me? I'm listening, but I don't have much time. Because you're innocent, of course. All of you. That proves nothing. And under Cardassian law, the accused must prove his innocence. Since the evidence in this case is sufficient to warrant conviction, the investigation is over. Truth? You want the truth? All right. The truth is that none of you would be accused, none of you would even be here if the Bajorans weren't fighting the Cardassians. It's futile. The occupation has lasted for fifty years and it will probably last another fifty. Why not accept it? If the Bajoran people would accept their place in history, none of this would be happening. It's all part of the same problem. When your people resort to terrorism and violence, they're fighting against order, against stability, against the rule of law, and this must be stopped. It has been my observation that only the guilty make that kind of statement. I know. What I am supposed to do, nothing more, nothing less. The question is, what are you going to do, Odo? [Terok Nor Promenade - upper level] (Blink and Odo is watching Sisko, Dax and Garak lined up against the railing for execution.) It's too late for them now. It's out of my hands. There were only three terrorists, Odo. You know that. It's already happened, Odo. Proceed with the execution. (A soldier levels his gun at Sisko.)
