Major Kira, how nice to see you again. (Everyone say Hi! to Jeffrey Combs under the latex.) You left Quark's last night just when I was about to buy everyone another round. I was devastated that you didn't say goodbye. We were having such a pleasant conversation. Well in that case you have me at a disadvantage. You know all about me, and I know next to nothing about you. Well, you're a very lucky man. And you make a most interesting couple. So, Mister Odo, what is it that you do? Oh. A station this size, it must be a very challenging job. I hope you're well compensated? Oh no. But it can buy everything. Well, I'm afraid I must be going. Goodbye. (Tiron leaves) A glass of Andorian ale. There was no reason for me to stay the full hour. On the contrary. I found it quite dull. Boring, boring, boring. I don't like picnics, Quark, and the food here is abominable. What I want is not in your catalogue. That's just the point, Quark. The programme I want doesn't exist. Not yet, anyway. I want Major Kira. Can you do it? Spare me the details. Do we have a deal, or do I take my business elsewhere? Payment on delivery, and not a moment sooner. Don't disappoint me, Quark. When I walk into that holosuite and I see Kira standing there, I'd better believe it's really her. And I was thinking about you, and your reputation as a man who can get anything for a price. I'll embarrass you even more if you don't get me my programme. (Quark holds up a rod.) Is that it? If it works, it's worth whatever price you paid for it. Fine. Just get me my programme. I'm leaving in two days. You already have. (Tiron leaves.) I haven't seen the merchandise yet. You know, Quark, if this programme is as good as you claim, I might just purchase it from you to use at home. Just a little present I bought myself. (Tiron enters the holosuite.) Quark! I will ruin you for this, Quark. I don't know how, I don't know when, but I will ruin you. (Tiron turns to go, seeing Kira and Odo behind him. He walks between them.)
