How the mighty have fallen. It's Gul Toran now. I find your bitterness extremely gratifying. I'm glad to see that you're adjusting so poorly to exile. Then I don't suppose you'd be interested in going home again? Perhaps. But only after you see to it that they don't leave this station alive. I convinced them otherwise. My voice is less tarnished than yours. You overestimate their importance. I'm sure you'll think of something. You always did in the past. Don't you see? Lang's death will benefit us both. Unless of course, you intend to spend the rest of your life as a tailor. I knew you would. [Security office] (Odo is reading a PADD) More to the point, what do you believe in, Garak? Making sure that you carry out your assignment. I suspected that two years living among the Bajorans would make you soft. I see I was right. I will take over from here. (Toran takes Garak's weapon.) I can't believe that you were once considered clever. Do you think that completing this one simple task your reputation will be restored at Central Command? Go back to your sewing kit, tailor. (As Toran points the weapon at Rekelen's nose, there's a flash. Garak has vapourised Toran.)
Is that good? Why is that red light blinking? I take it, then, that we're not expecting any surprises. Forgive my bureaucratic nitpicking, Major, but we're counting on Jeraddo's energy to heat a few hundred thousand Bajoran homes this winter. I don't understand. There were forty-seven other people living on that moon. They all left willingly. And so will these people. We can't postpone. And if he stays, he'll be committing suicide. We'll have to beam him off the surface. I refuse to allow three stubborn holdouts to jeopardise a project that will benefit so many of our people. I'm sorry, Major. If there was anything else that we could do, we'd have done it. I thought we'd agreed phased energy retrieval would take too long. It would mean waiting a full year before we can extract any meaningful amount of energy. I wish we had the time to be more delicate, but we don't. I resent that. It's obvious to me that you've developed a feeling for this man. Fine. I can accept that. But if you're not comfortable with completing this assignment, I'll find someone else who is.
