You deserve nothing less. You brought Norva here? It was too late for her. If only she'd come sooner, I could have helped. There is no cure. It's always fatal. Why are you here? We had sophisticated equipment once. Do you think our world was always this way? Two centuries ago, we were no different from you. We built vast cities, travelled to neighbouring worlds. We believed nothing was beyond our abilities. We even thought we could resist the Dominion. I see you've heard of them. Then take care not to defy them or your people will pay the same price we did. The Jem'Hadar destroyed our world as an example to others. Bring me Milani's child. More than anything, the Dominion wanted my people to bear the mark of their defiance. So they brought us the Blight. (The baby has blue veins.) We're all born with it. We all die from it. When the Blight quickens, the lesions turn red. Death soon follows. Some in childhood. Most before they can have children of their own. Only a few live to be my age. No. You should go. If the Jem'Hadar find you here Don't. Of course he's dying. He came here to die. People come to me when they quicken. I help them leave this world peacefully, surrounded by their families and friends. The herbs I give them causes death within minutes. The Blight kills slowly. No one wants to suffer needlessly. Not like that woman you brought me. I did what she asked. I am. I take away pain. Now you've disrupted Tamar's death. I'm going to have to ask you to leave. [Ruined town] (People trundle wrapped bodies along on carts. A young girl is staring at Bashir who is sitting on his own.) Fixing a broken bone and curing the Blight are two different things. Others have come here with promises of a cure. They stirred up hope, took food and clothing in exchange for their elixirs. But their promises were always lies. And all those who believed them always came to me in the end, begging for release. Take care that you don't. Because we've dealt with those who give false hope before. Believe me, their deaths make the Blight look like a blessing. [House] What have you done? Get out of my way. She's asking for me. You have no right to interfere. Is that what you want? I can end your suffering. Your child will have known nothing but peace. The Blight will take him in the end. I was concerned that she might be too weak to come to me. Yes, and I've seen more suffering than anyone else. Goodbye, Ekoria. I hope you live long enough to see your baby. (Trevean leaves.) You found a cure. Our children won't have the Blight? Oh, not a task, a privilege. Can you show me how to make it?
