(ancient family retainer) You are on Kronos. You are in the ancestral home of what used to be known as the House of Kozak. Kozak died without a male heir. The House no longer has a name. That pahtk's name is not spoken in this house. He is no brother to Kozak. His family has been a sworn enemy of this house for seven generations. What he told you were lies. He wanted you to say that Kozak had died in honourable combat so that no special dispensation would be granted. If Kozak had died in an accident and left no male heir, the Council might have decided that this was an unusual situation and granted special dispensation. That might have allowed Grilka to become head of the family even though she's a woman. But if Kozak died in an honourable fight, and was simply defeated by a better opponent, then no dispensation would have been granted, and without a male heir the House will fall. I beg you, consider what you do here, mistress. Repeat my words Go'Eveh lu cha wabeh. To va re'Luk. Ghos ma'lu Kah! (Grilka kisses Quark, then spits.) It is done. The ceremony is complete. You are husband and wife. [Commander's office]
Mev'Yap! Worf, Son of Mogh. Come, join me. (Tumek leads Worf to a quiet corner.) Challenging Thopok to a fight is a waste of time. Grilka cannot mate with you, now or ever. Your House is dishonoured. Your name is a curse. You showed none. I'm sure your motives were honourable. Do not let it trouble you too much. In truth, I doubt it would've been a good match. Have you ever pursued a Klingon woman? There's no shame in that. You were raised by Humans, you wear their uniform, you accept their values. How could you know anything about our women? Perhaps. But we will not find out here. It is the wish of the Lady Grilka that you leave us now, son of Mogh, and do not return. (That cracking sound is a breaking heart.) [Mess hall] You forget yourself, Thopok. You are the commander of the Lady's guard, nothing more. Do not presume to judge her. (Quark and Grilka come downstairs in the costumes, laughing.) Mistress. Quark, son of Keldar, why are you here? The challenge has been given and accepted. Let no one interfere. Mok! (Thopok thrusts and Quark/Worf parries) I've never heard of the Right of Proclamation. My lady. (Thopok and Tumek leave. Grilka takes Quark by the lapels)
