Thank you, Commander. I'm Doctor Ulani Belor. The Cardassian Government wishes to express its gratitude to the Federation for agreeing to work together on this project. Thank you, Major. Exhausting. We spent most of it rehearsing what we were going to say when we got here. Please feel free to let the Central Command know that. In the past few days I've been contacted by Guls I haven't even heard of, all of them wanting to emphasise how important this mission is. Major Kira, I want to thank you personally for allowing us to come here. You're the ranking Bajoran officer on this station. I'm sure we wouldn't be here if you had been opposed to working with us. I'm glad we already have so much in common. Our transceiver has been configured to fit inside it, and use its existing power grid. We're planning to test various types of soliton pulses. One of them should maintain the required signal integrity. Commander, we'll need to make a few adjustments to the station's signalling array so that it can accommodate the type of transmissions we're planning to use. Excellent. Well, it's been a long day. We'd like to get some rest so we can start fresh tomorrow. Thank you. (Ulani and Gilora leave.) Commander, I almost forgot to tell you. Another colleague of ours, Dejar, will be arriving later today. Thank you. (Ulani leaves.) It is so rare to meet a non-Cardassian who appreciates our literature. Really? Dejar. We weren't expecting you so soon. (That's three female Cardassian scientists on the same project.) Tojal in yamok sauce. It's just, I don't really care for Cardassian cuisine. Fortunately, those of us in the Science Ministry are provided with a wide variety of offworld foods. It's beautiful. That's a very colourful way to describe a comet, Major. Well, your Sword of Stars is going to pass very near the wormhole, but not close enough to interfere with our plans. Target the signalling array toward the wormhole and initiate a carrier wave in the delta band frequency. If they receive it on the station, they'll send an acknowledging signal on the same frequency. Then we have to assume it didn't work. Let's try the theta band frequency. I'm not sure. The carrier wave shouldn't have affected the wormhole at all. If the comet enters the wormhole, the silithium in its core will cause a cascade reaction. The possibility of subspace inversion was predicted in one of our computer models. We would, of course, prefer to operate that way as well. However, since the Science Ministry falls under the jurisdiction of the military, we have to follow certain rules. One of them is not to make any project look unnecessarily dangerous. Vaporising it evenly so it won't break up. Gilora. They'd just disintegrate further, releasing more silithium. If you can generate a subspace field around the fragments, that might contain the silithium.
