Commander Sisko? I am Varis Sul, Tetrarch of the Paqu. [Runabout] I didn't come here to eat, Commander. That's Paqu territory now. You read the treaty, Commander. The river is our common border. My father would do no such thing. Besides, I'm Tetrarch now. I will not be pressured into betraying my people. (Quark enters with drinks) I'm not a little lady. (Varis throws the drink in Quark's face and storms out) What are you doing? Sisko. [Varis's quarters] (The boys sit down uninvited) Thank you. I'm Varis Sul. I've never seen the wormhole. Not at the moment. [Village square] (Night has fallen, and the old man is in his ceremonial robes) You asked to see me? I just spent the last five hours sitting. Woban is an obstinate fool. I would think that was obvious. To defend the interests of my people. I object to your tone, Commander. That land belongs to the Paqu. Then they'd better be ready to die for it. I am. Or don't you believe me? What you hope is no concern of mine. Now, anything else you wish to say to me can be said tomorrow across a conference table. I've been busy. It's nothing, really. It's just there are these people who want something I have and I refuse to give it to them. Very badly. That I want? Maybe. It helps, doesn't it? My parents are dead. They were killed by the Cardassians. I don't trust many people. You admire him very much, don't you? Enter. (It's the boys) Sorry, not right now. I don't think so. Wait. Do you remember that opportunity we were discussing yesterday? How can you be sure that an opportunity is worth the risk? Instinct. I think it does. Thank you, Nog. Celebrate? A bucket? I still don't understand what's so funny about a bucket. Inside a bucket? Jake, you're sure this is all right? I want you to know, Commander, that I take complete responsibility for what happened in the Security office. I'm afraid he and Nog were just trying to impress me. Didn't you ever do anything foolish to impress a girl? Jake's a nice boy. So's Nog, in his own way. I enjoy their company. True, but that's not why I wanted to be with them. I wanted to learn about you. Jake speaks very highly of you. He trusts you. Hearing Jake speak of you reminded me of how much I miss my own parents. My father was a great man. A great leader. I try to be strong, the way he was strong but. It's difficult. That's because he knew the Navot feared him. If I were to make concessions, Woban would think I was weak. I'm not afraid of Woban or the Navot. You don't lose by saying no. Commander, I believe I know of an opportunity that could allow both sides to say yes. [Village square] Not at all. Maybe a little. Do you think Woban will accept my proposal? And free trade access to both sides of the river would mean a lot to my people. Thank you. (She kisses Nog on the cheek and he goes weak-kneed) For all your help.
