That's right? Oh. Yes, of course.  A friend dropped me off. Will I live? Thank you, Doctor. I try. I'd hardly call the Gamma Quadrant uncivilised. Some of the cultures I've encountered have histories that date back millions of years. Well, maybe I'll write a book. You sound disappointed. You almost make me wish I wasn't feeling well. [Commander's office] You're sure this place is safe? And how are the locks controlled? A Cardassian MK-seven scanner? Well, I suppose that'll have to do. I thought so too, at first, but it's molecular density and refraction index is much higher. All right, I'll be back tomorrow to pick everything up. I've booked passage on the Mulzirak Transport. I'm afraid so. [Promenade] The Daystrom Institute? I'm sorry, Commander, but that's a So now the Daystrom Institute is interested in me. well, that's ironic. Did he really? I suppose he told you that he suspended my membership from the Institute's Archaeological Council? Well, when it comes to choosing between science and profit, I'll choose profit every time. You know, I haven't been back to Earth in, it must be twelve years. I think I'd like that. As an archaeologist, I've spent half my life sleeping in tents. To me, any bed will be a luxury. Thanks, Chief. Oh, by the way, how's Jean-Luc? Now that I'm back, I'll have to look him up. [Vash's quarters] (Vash looks at an interesting sculpture on the table then puts her bag on the bed.) I should have listened to him. He warned me about you. Very touching. But you didn't leave me, I left you. Not a chance. Don't flatter yourself. (Q gets all her stuff back into her bag so she has to unpack again) Not interested. No. (Her bag is back on her shoulder so she throws it at him) I choose never to go anywhere with you again, Q. And you have. It was wonderful. Thank you. Now goodbye. It's over, Q. I want you out of my life. You are arrogant, you are overbearing and you think you know everything. That makes it even worse. I want the life I had before I met you. Dead or alive. You're the one who almost got me killed on Errikang Seven. And they weren't exactly thrilled to see you on Brax either. What did they call you? The God of Lies? Come in. (Quark enters with a bottle) Q, bring him back. I don't know. You didn't give him time to tell me. Now bring him back this instant. Can I help you? I'm listening. I'll only accept payment in gold-pressed latinum. Mister Quark, I believe you're trying to take advantage of me. So I've been told. What magnificent cartilage. You've got a deal. I expect you to make all the necessary arrangements. Go away. (doorbell) Enter. No. Come in, Doctor. Julian. Is this medical business? Well, that didn't seem to stop you. Sounds like fun. (Q appears behind Julian and pulls faces) Though I would like to freshen up first. Could I meet you there in, say, twenty minutes or so? (Q vanishes) Get out. Out. I can take care of myself. I figured we'd auction this off last. Really? I thought it was the best piece in the collection. It's worth fifty times as much. If you want it you're going to have to be a lot more foolish than that. Bidding starts at two hundred bars of gold latinum. Tell me, Commander, where is that Doctor of yours? He was supposed to meet me here half an hour ago Take a hint, Q. No one wants you around. You're on. I don't have time for this. I can take care of myself. I am not going with you. It's over, Q. (Now she's deathly grey, bent over and falling to the floor under the weight of her bag) Are they all that pleasant? How honest? Then we'd better keep a close eye on them. Sorry, Quark, but I've slept in my last tent. I'm looking forward to a nice quiet life back on Earth. Not anymore. Ladies and gentlemen, our first item is a statue from the Gamma Quadrant's Verath System. Now, I suppose I take a minute to tell you a little bit about the Verathan civilisation, which reached its height some thirty thousand years ago and spanned over two dozen systems, interconnected by a highly developed trade and communications network. This statue represents Drohlak, the Prime Ossemite of the nineteenth dynasty. I'm placing the statue in its historical context. I don't think I realised until this moment how evil you really are. You'd kill all these people to get even with me. In what? Forget it, Quark. I'm going back to Earth. Tartaras Five? Well then by all means, don't come with me. I don't need your advice. You really think I Keep it. Just give me back my life. I'm willing to take my chances. Well, I guess in some ways I'm going to miss you too. Oh, God, I hope not. (Q vanishes) Hey Quark, (takes hold of his lobe) What's the quickest way to Tartaras Five? (Quark and Vash leave arm in arm as Morn enters. Dax gets up to leave and meets a yawning Bashir entering)
