This is the cargo ship Ekina. We've been caught by the storm. Our engines have been severely damaged. We need emergency assistance. Can you read me? Repeat, this is the cargo ship Ekina Please, do as he says and no one will get hurt. Don't hurt him. Please take your hands away from the controls. Don't forget to disable the backups as well as the primary systems. I'm, I'm sorry about this. If everyone would just cooperate, I promise it will all be over soon. Dax. I want Dax. No, no. I don't want the girl. I only want what is rightfully mine. What should have been mine years ago. I want Dax. I'm, I'm sorry about all this. Please, believe me, I wish I didn't have to do this. I don't have any choice. I spent my whole life trying to qualify for the joining. I studied constantly every day, every waking hour. I sacrificed everything and then I went before the Symbiosis Evaluation Board and they reduced my entire life to one word. Unsuitable. That's easy for you to say. They chose you. I did research. I worked it all out. The Dax symbiont is the best match for me. We have mutual interests. Science, diplomacy Your best interests, maybe, but not mine. All they've done is condemn me to a life of, of mediocrity. Well, I refuse to accept it. I'm not going to spend the rest of my life dreaming about what I could have been, what I should have been. I deserve more and I'm going to get it. I, I understand. (Verad shoots O'Brien in the shoulder) Keep away from him. There, you see? I've taken the first step. Even if I don't get what I want, my life is over. So either you help me or you and your friends will die. It's your choice. I promise. Doctor? It won't be long now, and then you'll see. Everything will be just as I promised. What's that? I don't want it. I don't want your advice. I want to be awake. Use a neuroelectrical suppressor and set up a monitor so I can watch the procedure. That way, if you run into any trouble, I can assist you. Now, let's get started. (Bashir puts the device on Jadzia's forehead.) I never doubted it. No, not just Verad. I'm Verad Dax. [Infirmary] (Bashir is sealing Jadzia's pouch incision) That's right, Benjamin. It's me. It's amazing. So many ideas. So many memories. It's better than I ever imagined. It does. I, I know this place. And I know you Benjamin. Pelios Station. And that trip we took to the cliffs of Bole. (Laughter) And Science officer Kustanovich. What was it, eight helpings of Andorian redbat? I remember your bachelor party, or some of it anyway. One of Jadzia's proudest moments. I'd rather not discuss that, Benjamin. But she's not going to die. She'll live on, in me. You think I don't know that? I'll never be able to forget it. But I promise you, Benjamin, I'll do all I can to make up for it. I'm not going to the Gamma Quadrant to hide. There are entire worlds who can benefit from my knowledge and experience. I can help them, and I will. What's that. I can't do that, Benjamin, even if I wanted to. Don't you see it's too late. The integration is already under way. It's all right, Mareel. Benjamin, the symbiont's still weak from the operation. If we attempt another joining so soon, it might not survive. Are you willing to risk that? Because he's my friend! Now go watch the others. We are still friends, aren't we, Benjamin? I can't do that. Mareel? Is anything wrong? Good. Be careful. I wouldn't want anything to happen to you. (Verad goes back into the office. Quark rolls a coin across the floor. T'Kar bends down to pick it up and Quark jumps on his back.) Mareel, take him to the Infirmary. [Infirmary] (Quark is screaming) The storm's intensity's dropped another twenty percent. I know this has been hard for you, Benjamin. It's been hard for both of us. But it's almost over. (Mareel enters) Better than ever, thanks to you. I couldn't have done this without you. I would have spent the rest of my life a mediocre man only dreaming of what might have been. You know what you have to do. Remember, I don't want you staying here any longer than you have to. Give me an hour, then head for the wormhole. The runabout's on pad C. Just wait for me at the rendezvous point. (Mareel recoils slightly before letting Verad kiss her) [infirmary] Excellent. That should be more than enough to allow safe passage to the wormhole. Verad to Yeto. Verad to Yeto. The doctor must have overpowered him. It's the shape-shifter. He must have freed the shape-shifter. T'Kar, get me to the ship. I'd love your company, Benjamin, but somehow I don't think you have my best interests at heart. Kira, I hate to inconvenience you. Mareel. Well, Benjamin, I guess this is goodbye. Not many friendships last over two lifetimes. I wish we could have made it three. The ship. It's gone. (The tool cart turns into) Don't be ridiculous. You're not going to shoot me. This is Dax you're talking to, Benjamin. We both know that if you shoot me, even on stun, you risk killing the symbiont. But Dax will live. What's one girl's life compared to eight lifetimes of knowledge and experience? You're not going to shoot me. You know that and so do I. Goodbye, Benjamin. (Verad walks past Sisko to the runabout) I feel strange. So empty. So close. I had it. I had it and now I'm alone. I can't remember any of it. The knowledge, the confidence, it's all gone.
