Odo? Can you hear me? I need to talk to you. I want you to come to the holosuite tonight. I've done a complete overhaul on the Lola hologram or should I say the Kira hologram? I'm telling you, Odo, you're going to think she's the real thing. She walks like Kira, she talks like Kira. I don't have time to explain now. I'll see you tonight, nine o'clock. That's twenty one hundred to you. I'll see you then, pallie. [Las Vegas lounge] (There's just one table, set for a romantic dinner for two. Kira is in a dress, Odo in his tuxedo.) Odo? Are you there? Look, I know you think I sold you down the river. It was for your own good. It was time for you to stop playing around with holograms and start playing around with the real thing. Would you have shown up if I had? I don't hear an answer, pallie. If you think about it, there's not much to be mad about. I saw the way she looked at you while the two of you were dancing. The lady digs you big time. Odo, listen to me. Cos I've got you under my skin. Cos I've got you under my skin. (And they kiss again.) [Las Vegas lounge] (Vic finishes singing 'I've Got You Under My Skin'.)
Who is it? Just a minute. (The door rattles and then is unlocked, and a very beaten up Vic appears.) Keeping Frankie Eyes away from the casino and the countroom. [Holosuite - Casino] (Craps table) Meanwhile, the Captain and I will be laying down some heavy bread over at the craps table. Enough to draw a crowd. I put a little away for a rainy day. Now each night, at precisely eleven forty five. During those six minutes, Howard, the other countman, has a martini brought in. (Ezri is a cocktail waitress.) Once Ezri's out of the countroom Do whatever you need to do to keep him distracted. And don't be afraid to turn on the waterworks. And Chief, you play innocent. That's the ticket. Now remember, the two of you have to keep that guard away from the door for at least two minutes. You and those fabulous Ferengi ears of yours. (Nog goes to the safe and starts cracking the five digit code.) You're going to be surprised how much a million bucks weighs. When you walk into the casino, don't talk to anyone. Don't even look at anyone. And whatever you do, don't run. Just head for the exit and dump the cash in the garbage cans outside. With no money, there's no skim to give to Mister Zeemo, and old Frankie becomes yesterday's news.
