Get me General Denning. Tell him one of the Martians is awake. (We pan over to a calendar with a picture of Rita Hayworth for July 1947.) (Later, USAF brass and civilians have assembled) We've got the farmer who found their ship. He's locked up in the BOQ, but I don't know how much longer we can keep him there. We've convinced him to issue a retraction. Turns out it was just a weather balloon. We had to come up with something quick. The last thing we need is a bunch of reporters snooping around. (Professor Carlson gives a cigarette to Nurse Garland, and lights both) He's trying to break out. (Weapons are produced and the alsatian dog looks interested.) What are they doing? The alien ship has a small control area in the front and rudimentary sleeping quarters in the back. So far, we can't even figure out what drives the engines, let alone how they work. We're not bringing in anyone else. Too many people know about this as it is. What's the word, General? And how does the President propose we do that? Don't worry, General. I'll find out what those Martians are up to. The Russians. That's a good place to start. Why don't you tell me everything you know about the Russians? (Nurse Garland approaches with a loaded hypodermic syringe) (After the break, Quark is screaming) They're not people, they're things. Invaders from another world. And it's up to us to put an end to whatever they're planning. Now, if you don't tell me what I want to know, needles are going to be the least of your worries. You know, Doc, I've always wanted to see what a Martian looked like from the inside. (Wainwright holds a scalpel to Quark's neck.) Not when it comes to National Security. Now, which one should we start with. The loud one? The little one? Or the quiet one? Now, why don't you tell us why you're really here? Moogie? I knew it. You scientists, you're like children. Always walking around with your heads in the clouds. Keep talking. Landing zone? Where? Tell me. Where's the landing zone? (to MPs) You heard him. Go get General Denning. Tell him he was right about the Martians all along. Now show me. Where? You mean your people are going to invade Cleveland? Shoot him. (Carlson hits the MP and Garland slams Wainwright over the head with a metal tray.) What do we do now, General?
