(The boy in the Captain's chair.) Helm, bring us about to course two one five mark three one zero. Set quantum torpedo warheads to maximum yield, full spread. (Collins enters with Nog and Jake.) Helm, initiate attack pattern sierra four. Transfer auxiliary power to shields. Fire! (Ka-BOOM! and cheers as they fly through the wreckage.) As you were. This is the Captain. Stand down from Red Alert. All stations submit damage and casualty reports to the first officer. Glad to see you made it in one piece. I'm Tim Watters, Commanding Officer. Welcome aboard. Sir, is correct, ensign. I was given a battlefield commission and command of this vessel by the late Captain Ramirez. Using that authority, I have commissioned and promoted other members of Red Squad as needed. Sisko? You're Benjamin Sisko's son. I've heard a lot about your father. I see you're not following in his footsteps. You should really get that looked at. Chief? Escort Mister Sisko to Sickbay. Oh, thank you. Ensign Nog, Commander Karen Farris, our first officer. I thought we had that under control. We'll try it. Mister Nog, why don't you wait in my ready room. We were transiting the Kepla Sector when the war broke out. As you probably know, a Dominion invasion force swept through that sector on the first day. Correct. We were trying to make our way back to Federation held space when we encountered a Cardassian battle cruiser near El Gatark. That was our first taste of combat. In the first fifteen minutes, four regular officers were killed. Three others were critically wounded including Captain Ramirez. No. When I got to the bridge, the Captain was in pretty bad shape, but he was lucid and he refused to go to Sickbay. We had lost main power and we were adrift, but the Cardassian cruiser was no better off. So it was a race against the clock. The ship that got main power back online first would have a decisive advantage. The Captain, he was amazing. He directed the entire damage control effort with a punctured lung and massive internal injuries. He was a great man. We got weapons and impulse engines back online in three hours. And then we destroyed that Cardie ship. The next day, just before he died, the Captain ordered me to take command of the Valiant. I didn't do it alone. The crew deserves the real credit. We have cadets here as young as seventeen who are doing the jobs of officers twice their age. But we're also seriously undermanned. I could use another officer. I see you're familiar with the operations of a class seven warp drive. Excellent. As of this moment, you are Chief Engineer. Congratulations. With rank of Lieutenant Commander. Your first assignment is to figure out why we can't go above warp three point two. Mister Parton believes it's None of us were ready for the responsibility thrust upon us, Commander. But each of us found a way to rise to the occasion, do the job that had to be done. Ready or not, you are Chief Engineer. You can do this, Mister Nog. Just have faith in yourself, faith in your shipmates, and everything will be fine. (Nog takes the Red Squad insignia.) Good man. That's what I want to hear. Now if you can just fix our warp drive problems, we can get on with our mission. My orders are to collect technical data on a new Dominion battleship operating in this sector. We keep picking up their comm. traffic, so we know they're in the area, but because we can't go faster than warp three point two, we're unable to get within sensor range. No. We've had to maintain strict radio silence ever since the war began. The orders were addressed to Captain Ramirez, but since he's dead, the mission's now mine. Make no mistake, I will carry out that mission. Or die trying. Dismissed. [Valiant Mess hall] What's your solution, Commander? Mister Parton? Watters to Bridge. Prepare for warp speed. All right, Mister Nog. Take us to warp four. [Valiant sickbay] (Collins is tapping at a PADD and sniffling a little when Watters enters. He goes straight to a cupboard.) No. No, I've got it. Any problems with Sisko's arm? You got a problem, Chief? Have you been crying? About what? Come in. Chief, I think you can go now. Jake. May I call you Jake? You're a reporter. Your job is to watch the way events unfold, not participate in them. Right now, you need to stand back. Take a look at where you are and what's going on around you. You're right in the middle of a great story. Maybe one of the greatest stories in the entire Dominion War. This ship is special, Jake. This crew is special. And whatever fates guide this universe, they've have chosen us to achieve some purpose in this conflict. I know that. Just as surely as I know your presence on this ship is no coincidence. You're here to write the story, to tell people of the Valiant and her crew. Don't interfere with the story, Jake. Don't become a part of it. Just let it unfold around you. Observe, listen, and then write it down. May I have your word you'll stay away from Chief Collins? Thank you, Jake. You're dismissed. (Jake leaves.) We'll keep an eye on him. Mister Nog wears the uniform. He'll do his duty. All right, that'll be all, Commander. I'll see you at eighteen hundred hours. Yes. Why? None of us have, Commander. Thank you for your concern, Karen, but I'm fine. Really. That's all right. (Farris leaves and he takes another tablet.) [Valiant Corridor] Any sign they've detected us? Maintain your distance, helm. Match their course and speed. Prepare a class three probe for launch. Stand at ease. It's been a long eight months. A lot of hard work, a lot of sacrifice. Now we've accomplished our mission. We found the battleship and obtained a complete scan without being detected, and we're free to go home. But that ship out there is a direct threat to every Federation outpost and colony within fifty light years. That ship must be destroyed. It can be destroyed. Commander? It's a very strong, very resilient metal alloy which just happens to become extremely unstable when exposed to delta radiation. And as a result, the entire antimatter storage system would tear itself apart. Commander Nog, you don't seem convinced. How close? It's dangerous, there's no disputing that. And no one would think any less of us if we just turn around and go home. But that means that some other ship with some other crew would be asked to finish the job that we started. I think we can do it. I think we should do it. Let him speak. We're Red Squad and we can do anything. (And the room cheers.) Watters to Shepard. Please report to my Ready room, Lieutenant. This is the Captain. We are about to engage the enemy. For eight months, I've told you to stay focused on one thing. Your duty. But now I want you to step back from your duty. [Valiant sickbay] But understand one thing above all else. [Valiant Transporter room] And you're the best. Now, let's get that battleship and we can all go home. Captain out. Take us to warp six, Mister Nog. Helm, go to impulse. On screen. (Thar she blows, and boy is she ugly.) Lay in a strafing course along their superstructure and make it close. That way they won't get a weapons lock on us. I want to scrape some of the paint off their hull, Lieutenant. Raise shields, charge phasers. Fire at any targets of opportunity as we pass. Torpedo status? All right, Mister Shepard. Take us in. (They fly in directly along it's course. The big ship fires first and gets hits.) Fire at will! (Bangs and deaths.) Helm, hard about! Tactical, get a target lock on those braces! Mister Nog, initiate countermeasures. Full power to the forward shields. Helm, plot an escape course down the z axis. Engage. Match them, helm. Keep us on track. Karen, it's all yours. Fire when ready. Aft view, on screen. (The battleship is enveloped in a ball of flame. Cheers. Then it reappears, solid as ever.) Did we miss the target? Lay in a new course one two seven mark three (BOOM! BOOM! The Captain's chair explodes and Watters is killed.)
