Stay away from him. Step into the light so I can see you. Believe me, it doesn't look any better from up there. It's going to be okay, Danny. He was beaten up by some ghosts. My wife went to get help, but there's only one doctor on duty at the Processing Centre. I think I can get some. Hey. You know, the District could use another doctor. But there are people here who need you. You two are new here, so let me explain something to you. You can forget about getting out of here any time soon. This is your home now. The only help we're going to get is from each other, and if we don't start pulling together, we're finished. My mistake. I thought you wanted to get out of here. Well the only way that's going to happen is if we get organised and let people on the outside know what's going on in here. If you want to be left alone, that's fine with me. But if you want to help us, and help yourselves, you know where to find me. [Chris's office] (It's party time and Dax has been shopping. The place looks very like Ten Forward, right down to the steps and windows.) I thought you didn't want to get involved. Glad to hear it. We can use all the help we can get. This place is about to explode. Most of us agreed to live here because they promised us jobs. I don't know about you, but I haven't been on any job interviews lately, and neither has anyone else. They've forgotten about us. We make them remember. The day after tomorrow, we're going to hold a rally outside the Processing Centre. I want everyone to be there. Gimmies, ghosts, even the dims. I want to remind the people outside that we haven't done anything wrong, that we're not criminals, and that we don't deserve to live like this. Good. One more thing. Tell people when they come to the rally to bring their families, their kids, and try to look their best. We're not derelicts, no matter what they say about us.
This place is about to explode. Most of us agreed to live here because they promised us jobs. I don't know about you, but I haven't been on any job interviews lately. Let me through. So much for our peaceful demonstration. How? It's a madhouse out there and this building is crawling with ghosts. I think I know just the people you're looking for. I asked them to help. We need people to guard the building, watch the exits, keep an eye on the hostages when we need to sleep. I bet you do. Yeah, and as soon as we step off the plane, they lock us up. No, Gabe is right. This is an opportunity for us to be heard. To let people on the outside know exactly what's going on in here. And reinstate the Federal Employment Act. Funny, I would have nominated you. My name is Michael Webb. I used to be a Plant Manager at ChemTech Industries. I'm speaking for the residents of Sanctuary District A. We're holding six hostages. We don't want to hurt them. All we want is Did you shut off our access to the Interface? All right, let's talk. What for? All right, Detective, I'm here. That's because he's angry. We all are. (meanwhile, walking away) Hey, Gabe .Detective Preston wants to meet with me. Now, by the main gate. I was hoping you'd say that. We're okay. We could use some breakfast come morning. No hostage, no food. Is that what you're saying? That's right. All we're asking for is a chance to get back on our feet again. We don't deserve to be locked up in here. You heard the man. Danny. Your mother and Jeannie, are they okay? So what are you doing here? All right. All right, you can stay for a while but when I tell you to go, I don't want any arguments. (Bashir gives Lee an injection.) That's it? What about closing the Sanctuary, what about jobs? You tell him if he wants to see those hostages again, he's going to have to do better. [Sanctuary District barricade] I was bluffing. I hope she couldn't either. [Sanctuary District Street] (A manhole cover lifts, and Dax climbs out. She is followed by a dim.) [Processing Centre] Excuse me. You obviously don't live here, so how did you get in? What are you doing? Danny. Danny, wake up. Come on, it's time for you to go. I'll meet up with you later. Tell your mom I love her and give your sister a kiss for me. Go on, now. Go on. I'm going to talk to Preston and find out what's going on. (There's the thrum of helicopter rotors overhead, then a boom.) Oh my god. (BOOM! as the doors are blown in and riot police enter, firing at everyone. BC goes down, then Webb)
