For the Dominion. Weyoun Five was a great man. A true patriot. His death in a transporter accident was most unfortunate. Normally I wouldn't have been, but when a clone is found to be defective [Runabout Rio Grande] You are. What other explanation is there for your behaviour? Leaving your post. Defecting to the enemy. [Runabout Rio Grande] I was referring to the Federation, as you're well aware. I was getting to that. [Runabout Rio Grande] Founder, there's really no need for you to be involved in this petty dispute. If you'll just hold your position until one of our ships can reach you To think a Weyoun could be capable of such treachery. He's a disgrace to me and all Vorta. Though I suppose he can't be held completely responsible for his behaviour. The Vorta cloning process is a very delicate one. Every once in a while a clone is found to be defective. It's never happened to a Weyoun before, but it does happen. And speaking of treachery, there is still the little matter of the death of Weyoun Five. You were supposed to be on that transporter pad with him. How convenient. I'm afraid our problems won't be washed away quite that easily. But what if he refuses to hand over his prisoner? He will not. We can't kill a Founder. I forbid it. It means we could lose the war. I don't believe the Jem'Hadar would want to fire on Odo, even if they were ordered to. I suppose it could work. But if the Founders ever found out that we were responsible for Odo's death. Odo doesn't even consider himself a Founder. Isn't it obvious? My predecessor must have helped Odo get past the ship's defences. How else? Send more ships. Send a whole battalion if necessary, from our base at Olmerak. Remember to tell them to fire on sight. Founder, how may I serve you? We'll have it destroyed within the hour. (Her face looks dry and wrinkled.) Nor do I. Lower the temperature. Is there anything else I can do for you? It's only a matter of time. I assure you, Founder. He will be dealt with. (She leaves.) You heard her. These rooms are too hot. She's not the Founder you should be worried about. Contact Olmerak and order those ships to intercept the runabout. [Runabout Rio Grande] (Weyoun uses a chopstick to spear a piece of salami from a pizza.) I've saved your life and the Dominion's as well. I obey the Founders in all things. (Boom) Now call off those ships! [Dominion briefing room] That's a risk we'll just have to take. I've ordered the Jem'Hadar to break off the attack. I see your runabout has suffered some battle damage. Will you require [Runabout Rio Grande]
