Right. You're Duarte's replacement. Have a seat. For a day or two. Sick as a vole. Raktajino. You can drink anything you want. Fascinating. Yes, sir. [Level five crawlway]
Hello, Ben. How've you been? Glad to hear it. I know you've been waiting for this news for a long time. I'm glad to be the one who tells you. Bajor's petition to join the Federation has been approved. Congratulations, Ben. You've done a hell of a job out there. And we're not the only ones who think so. The Bajorans requested that the signing ceremony take place on your station. So make sure you spruce up that floating bicycle wheel of yours. Count on me and a lot of other brass showing up for this one, Captain. cap. [Quark's] (Quark hushes the customers.) Ben. So this is the ancient city of Balla. Missing for twenty thousand years and you found it. Pretty impressive. Sure as hell impressed the Bajorans. How'd you know where to look? I know that's what the Bajorans think. But just between you and me, what really happened? And they started after that accident. I don't know, Ben. This is a little strange. No, I came to see you. I was surprised you weren't on the station when I arrived. Not sorry enough to return my comm. signals. All three of them. That could get an officer in a lot of trouble. Look, Ben, I need to know that I can count on you. Now, Bajor's admission is only the beginning. Now comes the hard part. Federation council members have to be chosen, the Bajoran militia has to be absorbed into Starfleet. There are thousands of details that have to be overseen and you're our point man here. That means we need to depend on you more than ever. I'm glad to here that. Now, what do you say we get back up to the station? Why not? I'm sure the Bajorans can take it from here. Or were you thinking of digging up this entire city all by yourself? For what? You're scaring me with this, Ben. All right, I'll give you some time. But I want you back on the station by zero seven hundred hours tomorrow. You're to report to Doctor Bashir for a complete physical. Good. [Infirmary] It's oh seven fifteen. Where the hell is he? When he gets here, I want you to give him a full work-up. But it hasn't. Isn't there something you can do to help? So in the meantime he's going to keep having visions. I knew we were headed for trouble the minute he allowed the Bajorans to call him Emissary. What's wrong? What is it, Ben? How the hell did he know that Kevin and I weren't getting along? Well, that wasn't so bad, was it? What cloud? You were dreaming. And dreams don't always make sense. That's not really the issue here, is it? Ben, that's ridiculous. He's already an hour late. How long do these Orb experiences last? Then maybe we shouldn't wait for him. Do you have any objections to proceeding without Captain Sisko? May I have your attention. I've been looking forward to this day for many years, as I'm sure all of you have. Welcoming a new planet to the Federation is the happiest assignment an Admiral could hope for. The Federation is not just a union of planets, it's much more. (An exhausted Sisko stumbles) Get him to the Infirmary. Ben, what the hell are you talking about? Then what are you waiting for? Major, these visions may be important, but I think we're all in agreement here that they are not as important as Captain Sisko's life. Start the procedures. How are you feeling? Look, Ben, it's not too late. You could contact the Chamber of Ministers. Tell them you were wrong. Convince them to accept Federation membership. I was afraid you would say that, Ben. I could have your commission for this. But considering how the Bajorans feel about you, if I pulled you from this post we'd probably lose Bajor forever. So do I. Are you speaking as a Starfleet Captain or as the Emissary of the Prophets? In that case, I'll keep the champagne on ice. [Sisko's quarters] (Jake is cooking and Kasidy setting the table when Sisko enters.)
