Can you hear them now, child? Blasphemy. (on a bridge over their path) How pleasant to come upon such a flowing exchange of spiritual harmony. We've met before, haven't we? Major? Major? That's right. Major Kira. From the space station. What brings you here? Good for you, Vedek Bareil. After working so hard, you deserve a little recreation. A worthy endeavour for someone who has led such a life of violence, child. And I'm sure the Assembly would have had no objection to your encounter with an orb had Vedek Bareil consulted us. You're right, of course. But I've always consulted with the Assembly in advance. I think of it as a courtesy, nothing more, nothing less. How long will you be with us, Major? Feel free to stay as many days as you like. Even a week, if necessary. [War room] (A big map on the wall and a curved conference desk) The Prophets have rarely encountered a pagh as forceful as yours, Minister Jaro. Be? I can't interpret the prophecies for you, Essa. Then what? I've made it very clear to you how I feel. Support from the Vedek of an order so small as mine surely would not be significant. I wish there were more with that opinion. Unfortunately, as my Assembly approaches the selection of a new Kai, I fear my voice is rarely heard. Can it? If you are the new leader. I didn't say that. That's a lot to ask. I need more than just prestige, Essa. The people need leadership to return to the old values. Yours and mine. The Prophets are smiling on you today, Minister. [Ops]
You ate all the milaberries. And give him another chance to frown disapprovingly? You'd think he'd be pleased to see his Kai so happy. More than I've ever been in my life. The Prophets are smiling on us. They've not only brought us together, but they've given us a great task, the Restoration of Bajor. It's a sacred responsibility. I pray that I'll have the strength to do what the Prophets are asking of me. It is not allowed to interfere with the will of the Prophets. The Emissary. I can only hope that he doesn't choose to oppose them. Their love is strong, but so is their wrath. [Jem'Hadar cell] (Worf and Ezri are hanging from the ceiling by their ankles.) Who are you? I mean, who are you, Anjohl Tennan? I want to know everything about your family, your childhood. Not at all. What might seem trivial to you matters a great deal to me. I need to know more about this guide the Prophets have sent me. This simple farmer, this man who shares my bed. (As they gaze into each others eyes, we go to Limbo) [Promenade] I am ready. I have met the Guide. You need only tell me what to do. I give myself to the Prophets in all things. I will. I swear it. Give me a chance. Please. No! No! [Winn's quarters] They, they came to me. A vision. No! They weren't the Prophets. They were The Pah wraiths. Find Solbor. Tell him go to the Shrine and bring me the Orb. I must bare my soul to the Prophets and beg their forgiveness. Go! Bring me the Orb! [Corridor] (Dukat has a big grin across his face.) [Dominion briefing room] (Enter Weyoun Eight.) Where is he? No, you may not. This is far beyond your ability to comprehend, Anjohl. (Doorbell.) Come in. (Two guards carry the Orb in.) Place it on the table and then go. You are not required here, thank you. (Solbor and the guards leave.) Of course not. I am the Kai. The Prophets will make everything clear to me. (Dukat has to turn away as she opens the tabernacle.) Something's wrong. There's nothing. The Prophets show me nothing. They won't speak to me. (She closes it again.) They have forsaken me because I have been in communion with the evil ones. The true gods? No. No! Heretic! (Winn slaps him.) Get away! Let me go. Solbor! Get out! I'll do anything you ask. You need only give the word. (Silence.) Have you nothing to say to me? Am I so offensive to your eyes that I don't exist for you any more? (Silence.) There must be something I can do to prove to you that I'm still worthy of your love. [Kira's bedroom] This is Kai Winn. I need to speak with you. Would you come to my quarters? Come in, my child. Please sit down. Thank you for seeing me at such a late hour. I have often sensed that you don't approve of how I conducted myself as Kai, that you believe I put my own political interests ahead of the spiritual well being of our people. I wish I could disagree with that assessment. I have strayed from the path the Prophets laid down for me. You don't know. You don't know. I want to change. I'd do anything to earn their forgiveness, nut I'm afraid it's too late. How? Oh yes, I have given in to the temptations of power. Yes. I'll do whatever it takes to make myself worthy in their eyes. Step down? I don't understand. Why would I do that? Bajor needs me. I've resolved to change. Don't you see? Once I have regained the Prophets' trust, I'll be better able to serve them if I remain Kai. If the Prophets wanted me to step down, surely they would have told me so. But Bajor needs me. Show him in. I remember the first time I saw the Gate of the Celestial Temple. I was on the Promenade. When it burst into view, this whirlpool of colour and light, the people around me were in awe. They said they could feel the love of the Prophets washing over them. Do you know what I felt, Anjohl? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. But I smiled and pretended I did because it was expected of me. I've never admitted that to anyone. They've never spoken to me. Never offered me guidance. Never trusted me with the fruits of their wisdom. And now, I'm supposed to step down as Kai in order to be blessed by them? No. I have worked too hard, waited too long to give it all up now. The Prophets have turned their backs on me. After all I've done for them, all the pain I've endured for them. I'm a patient woman. But I have run out of patience. I will no longer serve gods who give me nothing in return. I'm ready to walk the path the Pah wraiths have laid out for me. Those who dare to try, the Federation and its Vedek puppets, the false gods and their precious Emissary, they'll all be swept aside like dead leaves before an angry wind. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Cancel it. Cancel that too. Just do it. Cancel everything. You certainly may not. But if you must know, I'll be devoting most of my time to study and meditation. (Enter Dukat.) I'm not hungry. I said I'm not hungry. Do as he asks. And please, write a note to the Vedeks expressing my apologies for having to postpone our meeting. Sometimes I think you forget your place, Anjohl. I hope you're a better farmer than you are a poet. Everything! The prayers, the rituals, these robes. I can't keep pretending I follow the path of the Prophets. So you keep saying, but when is that going to happen? Release them? But the prophecies. They warn that the release of the Pah wraiths will mean the end of Bajor. Who will be left to see it? You're sure of that? And what will become of you? How do we do that? Oh. It is forbidden for anyone to open that book. It is said to contain great evil. Did I say I was afraid? [Quark's] (It's a large, very detailed model of the Alamo.) Very good. Well? Put it on my desk. If you must. Your point being? Knowledge is never dangerous in the right hands. I will keep that in mind. Now give me the book. There. That should make you feel better. Anjohl was sent to me by the Prophets. That's all I need to know, and that's all anyone needs to know. Perhaps you should go to the Temple and ask the Prophets forgiveness for questioning their wisdom. (Solbor puts the tome down and leaves.) He has served me well for many years. It's not a trick. He doesn't make those kinds of mistakes. The words are here. They're just hidden, that's all. It's up to us to find them. [Security office] Thank you, Solbor. You can go now. You may tell them that their Kai works for the good of Bajor. Now leave me. I have work to do. (Solbor leaves.) Why are you still here? Go away. I must concentrate. Not another word. Anjohl? I must have dozed off. I haven't made much progress. I'm so glad you're here. Much. Thank you, Anjohl. What are you talking about? Oh, it can't be. It's not true! Solbor, listen to me. All I want is to bring about the Restoration. Try to understand. The Pah wraiths, they are the true gods. Solbor, I beg you. No! (Winn stabs Solbor in the back with a knife from her tea tray.) Don't touch me. My life is over. The Pah wraiths sent you to destroy me. Lies. Nothing but Cardassian lies. To think I let you touch me. The book. I must destroy it! (As she reaches for the Kosst Amojan, drops of Solbor's blood fall from the knife onto the open page. It bursts into flames that then vanish to reveal the text.) What about Solbor?
The Vedek. Take care of the Vedek. (Bareil is carried out with a nasty wound to his chest.) Was it sabotage? I would prefer to discuss that with the Emissary in private. [Operating theatre] (Bashir is operating on Bareil's head, or brain?) Thank you. Vedek Bareil and I were on our way to a secret meeting with a member of the Cardassian Central Command. It was my intention to open talks between Bajor and Cardassia that would lead to a treaty and to a final peace settlement. The Prophets teach us that while violence may keep an enemy at bay, only peace can make him a friend. Vedek Bareil has been working to set up this meeting with Legate Turrel for the past five months. They've discussed issues ranging from war reparations to the exchange of ambassadors. There's even the possibility that the Cardassians will issue a formal apology for the pain and suffering inflicted on the Bajoran people during the occupation. I was on my way to our first face-to-face meeting when we had the accident. A large share of the credit goes to Vedek Bareil. Without him, the talks could have never come this far. I must admit he has been a loyal and trustworthy aide since the election. I'm not sure I could have been as forgiving if I'd been in his place. These talks were Bareil's idea. He's guided me through them, and without him in the future, these talks may never resume. [Infirmary] Indeed, you are too modest. You've performed nothing less than a miracle here. The Prophets must walk with you, Doctor. And I am grateful you were not taken from us, Vedek Bareil. No, it is not. We must resume the negotiations immediately. We can't risk losing the momentum we've established. I would like to send a coded message to Legate Turrel and invite him to come to DS Nine to continue the talks. Bareil will simply be advising me. I will conduct the actual talks. Agreed. Vedek, we will talk again soon. That would only delay an inevitable argument. Very well. I hope so, Vedek Bareil. The first meeting with Turrel is scheduled for tomorrow afternoon. I will see you again before then. (Winn leaves) What sort of property? I will consider your offer. He's up to something. But what? Why is he insisting on this principle of his? I need Bareil. He's the only one who knows the entire negotiating record. Bareil has been talking with Turrel for months. He understands him, respects him. I think he even likes him. I was chosen by the Prophets to lead our people into a new era. I know that. But I was not meant to be in a room with a Cardassian debating legalisms and diplomatic nuances. I can't do this without Bareil. If he dies, then peace with Cardassia dies with him. [Quark's cafe] (The double date is in full swing) What about this question of mining rights? His attention has been wandering. He's in pain. Give him more of the drug. Then you'll need to give him something else. The negotiations resume in less than six hours and we still have forty pages. Put yourself in the hands of the Prophets, Bareil. They will not forsake you. Are you going to call security and have me removed from this room now, Doctor? How is Bareil? Oh, good. There are still several points I have to discuss with him before the next negotiating session. But I do need him, Doctor. You seem to be asking me to lie. That doesn't sound like a Starfleet officer. None of us wants that to happen, Doctor. But if I'm not mistaken, the decision regarding Bareil's treatment is up to him. You say that as though success is guaranteed, Doctor. Bareil's already made his decision, Doctor. I won't interfere. And Doctor? I won't forget what you've said here. It's not her fault, Doctor. Bareil called me himself. He said he had some ideas on the treaty. You were able to replace some of his internal organs with artificial implants. Could you do something similar with the damaged parts of his brain? Vedek Bareil wanted these negotiations to be completed, no matter what the cost. There is more at stake than one man's life. Vedek, do you remember the negotiations? I have some questions for you. Yes? I don't understand. Well, I'm very honoured. Please, excuse me. [Infirmary] Perhaps, child, it is time to listen to Doctor Bashir. Believe me child, I share your pain. But I think the Prophets are calling to Bareil. I will see to it that Bajor never forgets him. Doctor. (Winn puts her hand on Bareil's chest for a moment, then leaves.)
Please, continue. Excuse me. By entities, do you not mean the Prophets? Ships are safely guided through the passage by the hands of the Prophets. Not apparently in your manner of speaking. Do you believe the Celestial Temple of the Prophets exists within the passage? But that's not what you teach. You are opening the children's minds to blasphemy, and I cannot permit it to continue. [Security office] I can't tell you how much I've looked forward to this moment. I'm honoured to meet the Emissary to the Prophets. I did not wish to bother you with my insignificant visit. Thank you, Emissary. But you are the Emissary. Don't you know the cherished place you have earned in the Bajoran spiritual life? The course the Prophets choose for us may not always be comfortable. But we must follow it. (She reaches for his ear) May I? (takes hold) Still the disbeliever. I once asked Kai Opaka why a disbeliever was destined to seek the Prophets, and she told me one should never look into the eyes of one's own gods. I disagreed. I told her I would do anything to look into their eyes. She suggested that I sit in darkness for a day and quite properly so. She cannot be replaced and I miss her deeply. The prophets have spoken to me through the orbs, Emissary. I understand my duty to defend the Bajoran faith. The teacher has dishonoured the Celestial Temple. If she does not recant, I cannot be responsible for the consequences. [Ops] If we abandon the Prophets, then everything we have. Here's Mrs O'Brien now. Are you Mister O'Brien? A pleasure to meet you. I've just been hearing many wonderful things about your wife from the parents of these children. She apparently is an excellent teacher. I feel your anger toward me, and I forgive you for it. Mrs O'Brien, if I've misjudged you, I am terribly sorry. Have I? Is there a place in your school for the Prophets? I admire you for standing by your convictions even though I disagree with them. Please believe me, I want to find a way to allow these children to stay in your school. Let me be the one to make the first concession. I will no longer request that you teach anything about the Celestial Temple. Just don't teach anything about the wormhole at all. Find other ways, other things to teach the children. We'll face those issues when we come to them. I've tried to be reasonable. (Winn leads the Bajorans away, leaving the five Federation children behind.) [Ops] Where is Mrs O'Brien? Was she hurt? Was anyone hurt? The Prophets have been kind today. Is the Emissary holding me responsible for this act of terrorism? May the Prophets forgive you for abandoning them. Is that what your friend Vedek Bareil told you? He's as misguided as you are. No, that's not fair. You are not simply misguided as I once thought. Now I see that you want nothing less than to destroy us. You live without a soul, Commander. You and your Federation exist in a universe of darkness and you would drag us in there with you. But we will not go. Have I? We'll see. (Sisko and Kira leave, Winn and Neela look at each other. Winn nods slightly and Neela looks unhappy) [Ops] My dear, you should not be here. I see. Then we must accept that as the will of the Prophets. The sacrifices the Prophets call on us to make are great sometimes, my dear, but the rewards they give will last through eternity. [Ops] I expected you sooner, Bareil. I would like nothing better than that. Of course. [Security office]
Thank you, Emissary. I should think that would be clear. You removed an artefact from an archaeological site without consulting the Vedek Assembly. You can understand how we would be sensitive to such matters. During the occupation, the Cardassians plundered Bajor's historical treasures as if it were their right. I never imagined that you would behave in the same manner. I was not aware that you had expertise in Bajoran history. Then why not leave the artefact in the hands of those who do? There are scholars on Bajor who have devoted their lives to the study of such things. I see. Then I take it this has something to do with your vision? Forgive me. I didn't realise that the Prophets told you to bring the relic here. I see. Then exactly what did they say? Since they have never spoken to me, I'll have to take your word for it. Who am I to argue with the Emissary of the Prophets? [Science lab] No doubt you've heard the latest news from Bajor. There was also an earthquake in the Kendra Valley last night. This morning a tornado struck Tamulna. How comforting. Tell me, do your sensors have an explanation for the instability itself? Then I'll give you one. You've angered the Prophets by taking the tablet from Bajor. As the spiritual leader of the Bajoran people, I'm asking you to return it. Well I disagree. This is a formal request from the First Minister for you to turn over the relic to me. If you deny his request, I promise you it will damage relations between Bajor and the Federation. As will I. [Science lab] What makes you say that, child? Not at all. I am quite relieved the Emissary has decided to do the right thing. I suppose you think I enjoyed forcing his hand. I assure you I did not. I wish the situation had been resolved more amicably. Perhaps the next time we have a disagreement, he'll consider my wishes more thoughtfully. I merely meant to express my hope that in the future, we can work together for the good of Bajor. Naturally. We both serve the Prophets. There is no higher calling. [Sisko's quarters] (WHOOSH and shake, then the doorbell.) I can't believe that you'd be so petty as to destroy the artefact rather than turn it over to me. You expect me to believe that the Prophets wanted you to destroy a priceless piece of Bajor's history? And why would they do that? Well I'm sure you'll come up with something. There's no need for a leap of faith, Emissary. The Prophets have made it quite clear. Two thirds of the Rakantha wheat harvest has been destroyed by floods. Earthquakes have devastated Kendra Province, leaving hundreds homeless. Bajorans are suffering because of you. They're paying the price for your act of sacrilege. (Another power drain.) The Evil One. A Pah-wraith banished from the Celestial Temple. Shabren's Fifth Prophecy. The rebirth. If the Evil One is destroyed, it will bring a thousand years of peace. The Golden Age of Bajor. Who will prevail is not known. Forgive my blindness. (Kira walks away.) Prophet, hear me. I am the Kai of Bajor. I offer myself to you as your humble servant, Speak to me. Tell me what I should do. [Ops] Are you that suggesting we kill a Prophet? Teradak embah ihsehelm ran embrah. Teradak ihsehelm ran embrah. Teradak ihsehelm ran embrah. Emissary. We are offering prayers for the Prophet's victory. Then why are you still here, Emissary? The Prophet told you your task was done. My children, the Prophets have heard your prayers. You must go. Congratulations, Emissary. Thanks to you, the Prophets' victory is at hand. Where is your faith, Emissary? You don't think the Evil One will be victorious, do you? Rest assured, the Golden Age is upon us. The Prophets and the people will be as one. Think of it. There will be no need for Vedeks or Kais or even Emissaries. (The power flickers.) Emissary, we must go. (Kira's nose starts to bleed. Jake is suffering. Dax comes out of the turbolift.) We must go, Emissary. Come, child. We must go. [Corridor] May the Prophets forgive me. [Promenade] (The energy streams from the possessed pair fade and die. The spirits leave Jake and Kira, who collapse. Kira wakes quickly but Sisko cradles his son.) The Emissary couldn't escort me himself? I would think he'd want to thank me. I prevented the destruction of this station. I saved the Emissary's life and the life of his son. I did it for Bajor. If you haven't heard, the floodwaters have receded and the earthquakes have stopped. I take it as a sign I did the right thing. My faith is as pure as the Emissary's. I'm not confusing anything, child. You are. The Prophets chose you as their instrument. That doesn't mean you can speak for them.
If you are the new leader. Once you have him, Li will see the wisdom of giving you his support. You have a unique ability to build a consensus, Essa. Bajor has been waiting for a leader like you. If I am so favoured by the Vedek Assembly. What is this blasphemy? Then you should have no objection to an inspection of this manifest, Minister.
You're back. I see the Pah wraiths have restored your sight. I don't forgive war criminals. To think I took Gul Dukat to my bed. One of the most hated men in Bajoran history. Of course you do. The secrets of the Kosst Amojan have been revealed to me, yes. I was waiting for you. I need your help, Dukat. It's as simple as that. And their Emissary. Assuming he survives the invasion of Cardassia. You don't need to wait for me. Go on ahead. Wander aimlessly through these caves for the rest of your miserable life. I don't care. I'm sure you have many interesting anecdotes about the occupation, but I don't have any desire to hear them. And stop calling me Adami. That privilege is no longer yours. From now on, you will address me as Eminence. Is that clear? We've reached the end of one journey and stand ready to begin another. What's the matter, Dukat? You look disappointed. And with good reason. (Winn kneels and opens the Kosst Amojan. She reads.) Lano ka'la bo'shar lanu no'vala, pahrom carana mokado ba'jah. Ko'se nusso ma'kora kajani. Lano ka'la Kosst Amojan. (A fireball forms in midair and fills the abyss.) Is that better? (Wraiths dance in the flames.) [Cardassian cellar] (Boxes of weapons have arrived.) Oh. I rid myself of the Prophets and shed a lifetime of hypocrisy. (She kisses Dukat passionately.) I feel like a young woman waiting for my lover to sweep me away. With all my heart. Bring me the book. Meek rak dorrah Pah wran Yelim cha ono Kosst Amojan shay ta hel ter rah no'vala de ram [Bridge] Tarna pur ono ull kess pah ran. Lano ka'la bo'shar lanu. (She nearly drinks, then) After you. The Pah wraiths demand a sacrifice. Someone worthy of them. Who better than you? I offer you this life as nourishment to feed your hunger, to fuel the fires that will set you free. Kosst Amojan, I am yours now and forever. [Dominion briefing room] (Cardassia is a blacked wreck of debris as a new day dawns and Odo beams in.) Dorra tolka bre tri pah wran. Kosst Amojan, come to me! I await you. (A wraith throws Winn against the rocks, then another goes into Dukat. His body is reanimated and turned back to it's true Cardassian appearance.) No! [Holosuite - Vic's lounge] (Sisko stops mid-dance.) Then I'll stop you. (Winn raises the Kosst Amojan above her head, and it vanishes to reappear in Dukat's grasp.) Emissary, the book! (Wraiths surround Winn and she bursts into flames.)
Emissary, congratulations. I'm so happy for you. This wedding is a momentous event for Bajor. I want to be sure the proceedings reflect its importance, so I've come to assist in the preparations. Well, you don't have to thank me. I'm glad to do it. I understand you've asked Vedek Telna to perform the ceremony. Perhaps you thought I would be unavailable, but since I'm here, I think you'll agree that it would be more appropriate for me to do it. I'll talk to Vedek Telna, and I'm sure he'd be willing to step aside. Well, these are joyful days indeed. You've given the Prophets reason to smile. Is there something wrong, Emissary? You seem troubled. I see. Did they say what it would be? I wouldn't know, as they've never spoken to me directly. In any case, you have always been willing to do whatever it is they ask. Well, I pray that they'll give you the strength to face your trial. I sense you're going to need it. Emissary. Well, thank you, my child. (And Winn staggers on the steps as she goes to Prophet Limbo.) [Promenade] (Outside the Temple.) Solbor? Prophets. (she kneels) I have waited so long for you to speak to me. How can I serve you? The Restoration? Tell me what to do. What Guide? How will I know him? Of the land? I don't understand. The Prophets. They spoke to me. [Breen cell] Have mercy upon your humble supplicant, and make me worthy of your great task. Grant me the strength not to fail you. (She blows out the candles and Solbor enters.) Yes? Show him in. (Dukat enters.) Welcome, my son. How can I help you? What is it you do? Of the land? Your pagh is strong, Anjohl. I've been waiting for you. (Later, Solbor brings in a tea tray.) Please, sit. You're our guest. (Solbor pours.) Thank you, Solbor. Tell me about yourself, Anjohl. You came here to pray for prosperity. Have things been difficult for you? (Solbor leaves.) Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. And the land shall be poisoned by a great evil. It's from the ancient texts. Talnot's Prophecy of the Final Days. Well, tell me more about this blight. Go on. Restoration? The poison must be purged away so the land can be reborn. Do you pray to the Prophets, Anjohl? And have they ever answered you, in a vision, or in your dreams? You are right. They have spoken to me, and they told me they were going to send you here. You've been blessed, Anjohl. They've anointed you to be my guide. You are to help me bring about the Restoration of Bajor. You should have more faith in yourself, Anjohl. And in the Prophets. But rest assured, they'll reveal what they want from us, and together we will walk the path they've laid out. [Captain's office] More springwine? It's a rare vintage from before the occupation. I was going to give this bottle to the Emissary as a wedding gift. Well, I doubt that he would have been able to appreciate it as much, not being a Bajoran. No. No, he isn't. You forget the Prophets chose you to be my guide. You must speak your mind freely, Anjohl. I have often asked myself the same question. Tell me. When the Resistance destroyed the Cardassian outpost in Relliketh, Gul Dukat ordered a hundred Bajorans rounded up. His intention was to send us to the capital for public execution. A hundred from Relliketh. When did that occur? His name was Prenar. And he didn't misread the orders. I was a Ranjen at that time. I convinced the Vedek who led my order that we needed to take a more active role in the Resistance. He allowed me to remove some gemstones from our tabernacle. I used those to bribe various Cardassians in exchange for some small acts of leniency. Prenar was one of them. I paid him to reroute the transport from Relliketh. Yes? I'll be right there. [Winn's quarters] It's all right. You may go, Solbor. Yes, it is a sign. A sign from the Prophets. They're telling you that your farm will thrive under your brother's care. They don't want you to go back to Relliketh. They want you at my side. Adami. It's all right. The Prophets brought us together. (So they kiss.) [Cargo bay]
Thank you, Emissary. You may go now, child. Why don't we take a walk? Yes. Would you mind? [Promenade - upper level] (The guards trail along discreetly.) No, nothing wrong, but there was a shop down there as I recall. A woman who sold Bajoran tapestries and antiques. Yes. So many people have left Deep Space Nine in the last few months. I'm sure there are times when you must feel as if you're being abandoned here. I'm here to meet with a representative of the Dominion. I don't know. This meeting is being held at their request. You disapprove? I have some experience in that area as well. This is a delicate moment for Bajor. This conflict between the Federation and the Dominion could escalate into open warfare at any moment. A misstep now could result in the destruction of our world. Walk with the Prophets. [Quark's] (It's the auction, and an abstract sculpture is being bid on.) Weyoun has made a startling proposal. The Dominion wishes to sign a non-aggression treaty with Bajor. Forgive me, Emissary, but you've already done that. It was your advice six months ago that kept Bajor out of the Federation. How did you put it? Bajor must stand alone. Well, we are very much alone now. Can you promise me that you will not let one Jem'Hadar soldier set foot on Bajor? Can you promise me that you will use your entire fleet to protect our planet, even if it means sacrificing other worlds like Vulcan or Andor or Berengaria, or perhaps Earth itself? I wouldn't believe you if you did. So you see my predicament. If we ally ourselves with the Federation against the Dominion, we risk becoming the first casualty of the next war. A most unhappy choice. I have asked the Prophets to guide me, but they have not answered my prayers. I even consulted the Orb of Wisdom before coming here and it has told me nothing. So I come to you, Emissary. You have heard the voice of the Prophets. You were sent here to guide us through troubled times. Tell me what to do and I will do it. How can I save Bajor? Time for what? Very well, Emissary. We put ourselves in your hands. May we all walk with the Prophets. [Giger's quarters] (Jake enters with a cart of stuff as Giger climbs out of the Chamber.) I'm afraid I cannot reveal my recommendations to the First Minister. You understand. No. We are nothing alike. Nothing at all. (Winn goes around the corner and meets Jake and Nog.) What is it, my children?
Hello, child. May I come in? Please forgive this intrusion. I know the hour is late. I'm not here to see the Emissary. I'm here to see you. Yes, child. Have you suffered a recent loss? Or are you still mourning the death of Minister Kalem? It's been three months since Bareil left us to walk with the Prophets. You must have cared for him deeply. As did I. Bareil saw himself as simply carrying out the will of the Prophets. To him, achieving peace with Cardassia was its own reward. He never wanted fame or glory for what he did. As someone who loved him, I'm surprised you didn't know that. Are you familiar with Rakantha Province? And it used to be one of the most productive agricultural regions on Bajor. But as you know, the Cardassians poisoned much of our farmlands before they left, and Rakantha has been mostly barren wasteland ever since. After years of research, the agricultural ministry has finally developed reclamators which can detoxify the soil and make it fertile again. Patience, child. In six months, it will be planting season in Rakantha. By this time next year, we can be producing boton, moreka and salam grass. All valuable commodities for export. If we can attract interstellar commerce to Bajor, it will only enhance our application for membership in the Federation. Unfortunately, a group of farmers who were allowed to use the reclamators in another province are now refusing to return them. And this is why I've come to you, Kira. The farmers who seized the equipment are in Dahkur Province. Your home. And they're led by a man with whom you're acquainted. His name is Shakaar. And if I'm not mistaken, he was the leader of your resistance cell during the occupation. I want you to convince him to return the equipment he's stolen. Not for me, child. For Bajor. I know we've had our differences in the past, but I'm asking you to put those feelings aside and think of what is best for our people. We're on the verge of a new era. The Occupation is over, we've achieved peace with Cardassia, Federation membership is only a few years away. This is an exciting time to be a Bajoran. But our future depends on each of us acting for the common good of all Bajor. Shakaar has lost sight of this. By stealing the reclamators, he's acting in his own self-interest at the expense of the rest of our people. Perhaps. Perhaps he is just misguided. That's why I've come to you, Kira. You know him, you can talk to him. I don't want this to become a scandal. I want this settled peacefully, quietly. Surely we can both agree that that's a worthy goal. Vedek Bareil used to tell me that you could be quite persuasive when you put your mind to it, child. I hope he wasn't mistaken. Walk with the Prophets. [Shakaar's farm] (Kira beams onto a slope of dry sandy soil. If this is a farm, it is not prosperous. She goes over to the farmhouse door, then Ronan from  Sub Rosa, puts his hand on her shoulder, making her jump.) Am I to assume, my child, that you've met with Shakaar? And have you convinced him to return the soil reclamators? I see. When can we expect the return of the equipment? In six months, the planting season in Rakantha will be over. A meeting? Did you explain to Shakaar that you were there on the direct authority of the First Minister? A pity. Shakaar sounds like a prideful and arrogant man. It also seems there's no reasoning with him. It would seem that I have little choice. You can tell him that. And then you can return to Deep Space Nine. That won't be necessary. You've already done enough. And please give my best regards to Commander Sisko. That will be all, my child. [Shakaar's house] Emissary, I'm so happy you came to consult with me. The advice of the Emissary is always welcome. But what I need is your help. It's been two weeks since I was forced to send the militia into Dahkur Province. And they've yet to catch sight of Shakaar or any of his followers, let alone take them into custody. The point is, I can't let this go on much longer. It embarrasses me to say this, but Shakaar's defiance seems to be catching on in some of the other Provinces, and I've had to take certain unfortunate actions to maintain order. I wasn't aware that you kept such close watch on the Bajoran political situation. Is that what Major Kira's been telling you? Emissary, I don't want this issue to divide my people. I'm more than willing to do that, on one condition. I'd like you to provide a Federation security force to take their place. Such an act would do much to solidify the relations between the Federation and Bajor. Nevertheless, this would be an opportunity for the Federation to once again show it's friendship for Bajor. So, you're refusing my request for aid? If Bajor cannot depend on the Federation, we'll withdraw our application for membership. I'm afraid you can't see what's really going on here. This isn't about soil reclamators. This is about the future of our society. When someone like Shakaar can defy the law and escape punishment, we risk descending into anarchy and chaos. This is a test, a test by the Prophets. They want to see if I'm worthy of the role they've given me as First Minister and Kai. I will not fail them. I will stop Shakaar by any means necessary. [Hills] (The group is on the run down a slope.) What is it? Send him in. (Lenaris enters with Kira and Shakaar.) I see you've brought me a pair of gifts. How thoughtful of you. What do you mean, they're not your prisoners? What's going on? You have an interesting sense of humour. So this is a coup?
I'm very concerned. It's not like Solbor to disappear this way. Please do whatever it takes to find him. How like a Cardassian to find amusement in an old man's death. You don't know how much I regret having to kill him. Remember your place, Dukat. That was before I knew who you were. But they can't change what you did. Do you really think I could let myself be touched by a man whose hands are stained with the blood of my people? The Pah wraiths will spare those whom they find worthy. The rest are of no consequence. (She sits down to read the Kosst Amojan.) The text of the Kosst Amojan is for my eyes alone. Only that it's not a simple matter. Leave me. I've had enough of your distractions. [Captain's office] Dukat? You fool! I warned you. The text of the Kosst Amojan is for my eyes alone. [Wardroom] (Drops of blood fall onto the medallion in a brass bowl. They are Gowron's.) I'm here. I spoke with the doctor. She said she can find nothing wrong with your eyes. You still don't understand, do you? The Pah wraiths have taken your sight in punishment for your arrogance. Only they can give it back to you. You wanted to see if you could do it without me. Well, you can't. I'm afraid you'll have to do that on your own. (doorbell) Door. Deputy Bodan will show you out. You need a lesson in humility. I'm going to see that you get it. You'll find the Bajoran people are very kind. A blind beggar will elicit their sympathies, I'm certain. And with any luck, you'll earn enough to eat and perhaps even enough for shelter each night. You may return when you've proved yourself worthy and your sight has been restored. Bodan. (Dukat is hustled out.)
Remember now, honour the Prophets and they will always love you. (The children leave.) Thank you, Vedek Bareil, for reminding us how the Sacred Texts can be easily misinterpreted. Somehow you never fail to do that. I had no idea you were on the station, but perhaps I shouldn't be so surprised. The eyes of all of Bajor are focused on you, Bareil. Why should I be any different? After all, the common wisdom is that you are destined to be the next Kai. Hardly. The choosing is still two days away. The Prophets may yet surprise us all. Remember that, Bareil. I would hate for you to start celebrating prematurely. My child, if I thought the Prophets wanted you to know the purpose of my visit, I would have informed you of it in advance. That won't be necessary. I feel quite safe here. Just what are you trying to infer, child? My child, I know you still hold me responsible for the deplorable attempt on Vedek Bareil's life, but I can only pray that someday you will be cured of this unfortunate misconception. What a pity, for both of us. (An old Bajoran man is bumped into by a younger one.) The Prophets have spoken. All blessings on the new Kai. Be careful, Bareil. The path she walks is a narrow one. See that you don't stumble. Emissary, it has recently come to my attention that there are some on Bajor who believe my relationship with you is not all it should be. Personally, I find such a perception, however inaccurate, to be most distressing. Don't tell me that you, yourself, Emissary, believe you and I are, how shall I put this At odds. What I was really saying, what I have always maintained is that you, Emissary, were sent here by the Prophets to challenge our long-held beliefs. Emissary, I admit I had some concerns about Bajor's application for Federation membership. But now, I see that the Federation's presence here is essential for our long-term security and growth. If that is the will of the Prophets, I would never oppose it. Nothing could make me happier than to please you, Emissary. Perhaps you and I could address the Vedek Assembly together so everyone can celebrate our new friendship. Why wait, Emissary? I'm sure the Assembly would grant us an immediate audience. Oh, I doubt that, Emissary. It's common knowledge that you support Vedek Bareil. Although I have been pleasantly surprised that you haven't made any public statement to that effect. What an enlightened philosophy. I look forward to it. [Kira's quarters] Major Kira. May I speak to you please? I was told you were the one who stopped my ship from leaving. My needs are no concern of yours, child. Now I suggest you allow my ship to depart immediately. And how long would such a scan take? Very well. It seems the Prophets have decided you will have a part in this after all. In exchange for sanctuary, Kubus has agreed to provide the name of the man responsible for the massacre at Kendra Valley. Bek was a pawn, an intermediary. He killed himself to prevent the discovery of the real traitor. Bek's superior. The person who ordered him to reveal the location of the rebel base to the Cardassians. The man who was truly responsible for the massacre, Vedek Bareil. I never said I believed him. I'm only trying to protect the spiritual life of Bajor. My child, do you want to risk the consequences of having a collaborator as the next Kai? That's yet to be determined. But if he is chosen and turns out to be guilty, the ramifications for Bajor would be catastrophic. It would shatter faith in the authority of the Kai, and without a strong Kai Bajor cannot survive. I don't intend to. I was planning to conduct a quiet investigation when I returned to Bajor. But I didn't know whom to trust with such a delicate assignment, until now. All I care about is the truth. And I believe the Prophets have chosen you to help me find it. You have my word. Let the Prophets be my witness. But if you discover proof that he's guilty? Then it's decided. Oh, and child, one last thing. I know you're under a terrible strain, but if you're wise, you will never speak to me with such disrespect again. [Cargo bay] Did you hear what they were saying? And it's up to you to find out which of those explanations is true. [Kira's quarters] You will be rewarded. [Outside the Assembly room] I was wondering when you'd contact me, child. I must congratulate you on a job well done. I knew the Prophets were right in picking you to assist me. Oh, but I do. Bareil just made a surprise announcement to the Vedek Assembly. He's withdrawn himself from the Choosing. He no longer wishes to be the next Kai. I know this is painful for you, child, but you've done a great service for all of Bajor. Whoever is chosen tomorrow as the new Kai will owe you a debt of gratitude. May the Prophets guide you. (end transmission.) Your pagh is strong, my child. Be at peace. In time you will learn I am not your enemy. I know you do. Oh, and tell Commander Sisko I must postpone appearing with him before the Assembly. At least for now. (Winn leaves, and other religious come out of the Assembly room.)
Greetings, my child. You look very sweet. Why isn't the Emissary here to greet me? Still basking in the adulation of Starfleet Command. I'm sure the Federation is very pleased with the job he's done. Well, not everyone. You know, our culture has had only five short years to recover from the occupation. Only five years of freedom. It hardly seems enough time, does it? I see working beside Captain Sisko all these years has had quite an influence on you. I await the will of the Prophets. [Holosuite] (Maps, sextants and starcharts are scattered around.) I hope I'm not interrupting. I was wondering, could I have a word with you, Major? My child, you and the Emissary are close, are you not? So you know his mind, how he thinks, how he reacts in certain situations I'm asking if you think the Emissary will forgive me. For doubting him. He must have been aware that I never truly believed he was the Emissary. I was wrong, I know that now. Only someone touched by the Prophets could have found B'hala. I'm going follow the path the Emissary has laid out for us. And you think I lack courage? But it is what you think. Those of you who were in the Resistance, you're all the same. You think you're the only ones who fought the Cardassians, that you saved Bajor singlehandedly. Perhaps you forget, Major, the Cardassians arrested any Bajoran they found teaching the word of the Prophets. I was in a Cardassian prison camp for five years and I can remember each and every beating I suffered. And while you had your weapons to protect you, all I had was my faith and my courage. Walk with the Prophets, child. I know I will. [Caves] (A formal archaeological dig is underway, and Sisko is still contemplating the obelisk.) It's time, Emissary, if you're ready. The Emissary has asked for help in his journey. I'm providing it. He asks for your guidance. Let him see with your eyes. Lift the veil of darkness that obscures his path. Emissary? The Orb of Prophecy is very powerful. It taxes even the healthy. Are you sure you want to go through with this? But you're very weak. Perhaps it would be better to wait until after the signing. As you wish. May the Prophets reveal their wisdom to you, Emissary. (Kai Winn leaves and Sisko opens the doors of the Orb case) [Wardroom] (It's a proper signing with pens and paper.) He's still consulting the Orb of Prophecy. Minutes. Hours. Sometimes days. I'm sure the Emissary would want to be here, but under the circumstances. Emissary! What is it, Emissary? Have the Prophets revealed something to you? Any news about the Emissary? I hope the Prophets will forgive us. We never should have allowed the Federation to interfere with the Emissary's visions. It was a selfish act. I would trust the Prophets. Perhaps. I suppose you heard that Bajor will not join the Federation today. The Council of Ministers has voted to delay acceptance of Federation membership. I wish I were. But things are not that simple. Not anymore. Before Captain Sisko found B'hala, my path was clear. I knew who my enemies were. But now? Now nothing is certain.
