Chief. It has been a long time. Lieutenant Commander Worf reporting for duty, sir. Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. Yes. I have been visiting the Klingon monastery on Boreth. I found my discussions with the clerics to be there most enlightening. My leave was almost over, sir. I am considering resigning my commission. I have spent most of my life among humans. It has not always been easy for me. And since the destruction of the Enterprise, it has become even more difficult. I am no longer sure I belong in this uniform. Thank you, sir. But until I make my decision, I intend to do my duty. Yes, sir. Then I will find you some answers. Yes, sir. I will keep that in mind. [Quark's] Prune juice, chilled. I do not play games. Nice hat. So I gathered. You used to be Curzon Dax. Curzon's name is an honoured one among my people. I suppose so. Excuse me. You are Drex, son of Martok. I am Worf, son of Mogh. (And punches Drex in the face. Drex draws his dagger but misses every thrust and ends up on his back. Worf takes Drex's dagger and snarls at his companions, who back off.) Enter. Now that you are here, I have no further need of it. You can't take away what someone does not have. I am saying your son is a coward and a liar. That remains to be seen. The misdeeds your troops have committed speak for themselves. Attacking a Cardassian tailor. Detaining and searching ships in neutral space without warning or provocation. And you, executing one of your commanders because he refused to fire on a Federation ship, You must think me a fool to make your lies so transparent. Nor I with you. The House of Martok is an honoured one, with a proud tradition. But I must know why you are here. You forget. I am not only a Klingon warrior, I am a Starfleet officer. And Starfleet deserves an explanation. I do not remember asking you for advice. I found it adequate. Though I was surprised to find a Klingon exercise programme on the holosuite. You mean Curzon's. It would not be a fair match. Very well. Defend yourself. (They exchange blows.) He was not forthcoming. And he is not the only one. I tried to contact Gowron, Emperor Kahless, even my brother who sits on the High Council. No one will speak with me. Many times. Yes, an you tell it well. There is. Tell me why the task force is here. The real reason, not the one Martok gave the Federation. If you are looking to start a conversation, look somewhere else. I would prefer to be left alone. You have been spying on me. None of which is your business. I am not interested in your conclusions. Yes, I have read your Starfleet security file. Where is Captain Sisko? I need to talk to him. Now. [Captain's office] According to my source, there has been an uprising on the Cardassian homeworld. The Central Command has been overthrown and power transferred to civilian authorities. Gowron and the High Council believe the coup was engineered by the Dominion. None that I know of, but they are convinced that civilians could not have overthrown the Central Command without help. No, it has not. But I knew this day would come again when I'd be forced to choose between the Federation and the Klingon Empire. I would prefer to be there. I cannot avoid responsibility for what I have done today. [Wardroom] General And what if you are wrong? Starfleet will not participate in an unprovoked invasion. Begin. The issue is not if there are any Founders on Cardassia. There are many Klingons who say we have been at peace too long, that the Empire must expand in order to survive. Fear of the Dominion has given my people an excuse to do what they were born to do. To fight and to conquer. Agreed. If my people return to the old ways, no one will be safe. According to our estimates, the task force should enter Cardassian space within the hour. Unlikely, Major. Now that the battle has begun, Martok and his troops will settle for nothing less than victory. (Sisko enters from his office.) Chancellor Gowron. You wished to speak with me? It seems you were right. But I do not apologise for my actions I am glad. Your friendship means much to me. You want me to go to Cardassia with you? If there's any glory to be won, Gowron, it'll have to be yours alone. I cannot come with you. I cannot abandon my post. I have sworn an oath of allegiance. You would have me break my word? It is not what I owe them that matters. It is what I owe myself. Worf, son of Mogh, does not break his word. It is true I owe you a great debt. I would give up my life for you. But invading Cardassia is wrong, and I cannot support it. I cannot. Except my honour. Chief, do you remember the time we rescued Captain Picard from the Borg? I never doubted the outcome. We were like warriors from the ancient sagas. There was nothing we could not do. I have decided to resign from Starfleet. I have made up my mind. It is for the best. It will not be the same. The Enterprise I knew is gone. Those were good years, but now it is time for me to move on. I do not know. I thought I would be returning to Boreth, but now that is impossible. I have made an enemy of Gowron, and every other Klingon in the Empire. This uniform will only serve to remind me of how I have disgraced myself in the eyes of my people. I suppose I could get a berth on a Nyberrite Alliance Cruiser. They are always eager to hire experienced officers. Alexander is much happier living with his grandparents on Earth than he ever was staying with me. One thing is certain. The sooner I leave here, the better. My continued presence on Deep Space Nine would only be a liability to Captain Sisko in his dealings with the Klingons. I do not understand. What further use could I be here? If you think that is wise. If the Klingon Empire has reverted to the old practices, they will occupy the Cardassian homeworld, execute all government officials, and install an imperial overseer to put down any further resistance. Sir, if the Klingons are right, if the Cardassian government has been taken over by the Founders I understand. [Corridor] Aye, sir. No, sir. Yes, sir. It is just I have never been on a Federation ship that had a cloaking device. It is a little strange. Captain, I'm detecting some debris, bearing zero two five mark three one nine. It appears to be the wreckage of a number of Cardassian vessels. Sir, I strongly recommend against that. It is likely there are cloaked Klingon warships in the vicinity, lying in wait. In war, there is nothing more honourable than victory. Captain, I am detecting weapons fire ahead. It appear to be three Birds of Prey attacking a Cardassian vessel. The vessel is badly damaged. Orders, Captain? Message sent. Captain, I find it highly unlikely that the Klingons will heed your (Boom) Incoming message from the Cardassian ship. Sir, restricting our fire to their engines has not proven effective. Aye, aye, sir. (KaBOOM!) Another Klingon ship has just decloaked. It's a Vor'cha class attack cruiser. Blood screenings? Sir, I have a suggestion. (Defiant puts a tractor beam on an attacking ship.) Disruptor's effectiveness at fifty percent. Klingon ships are closing. Armour on the port side is losing integrity. (Bang) The Klingons have closed to point-blank range. (Boom!) Shields up. We lost our cloaking device rescuing you. [Quark's] That remains to be seen. Klingons do not give up easily. What are your orders, Captain? He said, today is a good day to die. (And so it begins. Boom. Bang) Aye, sir. (Weapons turrets come out of the station, the rings and the pylons.) Standing by. They have given you your answer, Captain. There is another wave of Klingon ships coming in. The Empire is not strong enough to fight the Federation and the Cardassians. End this now, Gowron, before you lead the Empire to its worst defeat in history. Consider what you do here, Gowron. Kahless himself said, destroying an Empire to win a war is no victory. [Klingon Bridge] For now. Captain's log, stardate 49011.4. Gowron has returned to the Klingon home world and his task force has withdrawn from Bajoran space. I don't know if I can fully express the pride I felt at seeing how well Deep Space Nine and it's crew weathered this latest crisis. While the station suffered heavy damage during the Klingon attack, repairs are well ahead of schedule and life on the station is beginning to return to normal, leaving me with one final piece of unfinished business. [Promenade] (Morn is the first customer back in Quark's before the doors are fully open.) [Worf's quarters] (Worf is packing his uniform.) Enter. Thank you, sir. Yes. I leave this afternoon. Why did you change your mind? But wearing that uniform must remind you of what you have lost. And you think that is true of me as well. I think Starfleet has been my home for many years. Perhaps it still is. Perhaps that will not be necessary. [Ops] (Worf enters in red shouldered DS9 uniform and his sash) Lieutenant Commander Worf reporting for duty. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, sir. It feels good. But I have a lot to learn about Command.
This picture is accurate enough to establish that your customer is Regana Tosh, who is known to be associated with a Markalian smuggling operation. Not exactly. That man arrived on the station this afternoon and came directly here. I believe the Ferengi bartender is plotting something with him. If he is a known criminal, why does your security chief not do anything about him? Yes. But not in prison. Medical Officer's log, stardate 49066.5 Chief O'Brien and I have concluded our bio-survey of Merik Three in the Gamma Quadrant. We're on course back to the wormhole and should arrive at the station two days ahead of schedule. [Runabout Rubicon] We cannot allow him to continue these criminal activities. I'm not questioning his competence. Seven. I have remained vigilant. Understood. I will not let this matter interfere with my duties. If the invasion was seen as a failure, Gowron would have been assassinated by now. He simply declared victory and returned home. May I speak with you for a moment? He has made arrangements to acquire a type four Tallonian microscanner. The type four is primarily used to determine the purity of Tallonian crystals. I expect him to be meeting with the smuggler again this evening. Then you will arrest him when You are supposed to be watching the Ferengi. I saw him inspecting the crystals. You had an opportunity to arrest him. You do not seem to be performing them at all. Trafficking in illegal merchandise is a felony under Federation law. I was just about to arrest these criminals. Odo, why did you not tell me what you were doing? Captain, there is some information I would like to add to Security Chief Odo's last report. He did not feel it was necessary to include the details of my involvement, but I think you should know that I hindered his investigation. One of many things, it seems. When I served on the Enterprise, I always knew who were my allies and who were my enemies.
You should be on one of those ships. But it would be prudent that you leave at this time.
Worf to Major Kira.
On my mark.
These response times are unacceptable, Ensign. I want these response times reduced by fifteen percent. Schedule another drill. Red alert. Captain Sisko to the Bridge. All hands battle stations. (Sisko and Hanok enter after the opening titles) The Jem'Hadar are powering their weapons systems. They are targeting the Karemma ship. The Jem'Hadar are changing course. They're going after the Karemma ship. Transferring auxiliary power to forward shields. No, but sensor range is less than two kilometres. Sir. The cloak is not effective in this atmosphere, and the interference will jam our torpedo guidance systems. We'll have to target them manually. Shields at sixty percent. Hull pressure is at two million GSC and rising. Sir, the phaser couplings were overloaded during the attack. It'll take at least two hours to repair them. Hull breach on deck two. Half a dozen in Sickbay. Dax and Muniz in Jefferies tube four. They must have split up to search for the Karemma. Sir, if it does not locate anything within fifty kilometres, the probe might turn back and home in on the Defiant. The probe is ready, sir. Are you all right? Computer, lights. (stays dark) Bridge to Engine Room. Bridge systems are completely offline. We're not getting any power to these consoles. We will have to force it open. (Worf does so.) You have to keep him awake. Talk to him. Give him something to focus on. I will attempt to reach to the Engine Room and take over the ship from there. The Captain is injured and all bridge functions are offline. All right. I will take command from here. Who configured these helm controls? They are not laid out properly. I need to be able to ascertain our status at a glance. Reconfigure these controls to their standard layout. Mister Stevens, you will operate the echo-location system we've been using to track the Jem'Hadar. I expect nothing less. They're too small to be ships. Hard a-port! Mister Stevens, recalibrate the structural integrity field to minimise the strain caused by the torpedo. I am aware of the situation. If you cannot carry out my orders, I will find someone who can. Of course. What are you suggesting? I will take it under consideration. [Turbolift] I require your assistance. I need a weapon. If my plan is going to work, the probe will not be available. I need something else. I only need one shot. How long will it take you to make the modifications? Proceed. Good work. Take your posts. Mister O'Brien. The Jem'Hadar are out there. You can be certain of that. (A Jem'Hadar ship homes in on their sonar.) [Mess hall] Stand by, Mister Stevens. (But it's the probe that's sending the pulse, not the Defiant.) [Engine room] Now. (Defiant comes up behind the Jem'Hadar with a sustained phaser beam. KaBOOM!) Proceed at your discretion, Mister Stevens. How long will the repairs take?
Captain Sisko made it a personal request that I attend. He seems to have taken some interest in the young Ferengi. A Ferengi at the Academy? I am not sure that is wise. How much?
I was just about to leave. No. It might make the Dahar Master uncomfortable. I am considered an outcast by most Klingons. This is a great honour. Yes. Please. (they sit) I have heard stories about you since I was a child. Your confrontation with Kirk on Organia, your attack on Romulus, your defence of the Korama Pass The Sword of Kahless. Lost for a millennium. It's return would change Klingon history. If you know where it is, we must bring it back to the Emperor. It would be an honour to accompany you, if you will have me. To return the Sword to our people. I would give my life for that chance. Yes! Yes! This held the Sword of Kahless. Why not right now? Kor was the Klingon ambassador to Vulcan. Yes. The Hur'q invaded our homeworld over one thousand years ago. Whatever they could not pillage, they destroyed. They took the Sword and my people have been searching for it ever since. It is said its return will bring back a new era of glory for the Klingon Empire. With the Sword, the Emperor will be able to unite my people again. That is my hope as well, Captain. The Rio Grande is available. Course laid in. Forgive me, Commander. I would have used the aft quarters for my exercise, but the Dahar Master is resting. Commander, I wish to thank you for introducing me to Kor. It is an honour to be here. We have assumed a standard orbit. There is a forcefield around that chamber. The main chamber must be back there. Try reversing the polarity. (of the neutron flow, Doctor? Sorry, Whovian joke.) The air. The Vulcans may not have gotten in here, but someone did. If we could find out who did this, we might be able to track them down. Commander. Take a look at this. (Over by a plaque on the wall.) The dust. It does not reach the wall. Masked by a holographic projection. This, (the plaque) this is a sensor focused on the area directly in front of the forcefield. So only Hur'q can enter. We may be able to fool the sensor into thinking that we are Hur'q. Exactly. I cannot believe it. (The old pointy bat'leth is on display in the centre of the room.) It is more beautiful than I imagined. You should be the first to hold it. (Kor lifts the bat'leth.) With it he slew Molor, conquered the Fek'Ihri and forged the first Empire. And now I hold it in my hands. (Worf gives it back to Kor.) This is Toral, from the House of Duras. The Sword is for the Emperor. You think that if you give the Emperor the Sword, he will restore your family's seat on the High Council. If he wants it, give it to him. (Kor holds the blade out then hits Toral with it. The fight is joined. Kor kills Toral's aide and Worf gets stabbed in the shoulder but kills his attacker with the blade. Dax knocks out the Lethean.) That is a Klingon jamming signal. Maybe from the surface. We should keep moving. Toral will find a way past the forcefield. [Caves] (Further on, past an armoured lizard.) When it was discovered that the House of Duras had conspired to destroy my father's honour, Gowron offered me Toral's life. I declined. He was a boy. He had done nothing. And if you had not been drunk and told a tavernfull of people what you were planning, Toral would not have followed us here in the first place. You should have been more discreet. A hunt builds the appetite. A true warrior has no need to exaggerate his feats. This is the Sword of Kahless. It is not something to shovel food into your mouth! It must be treated with honour. (Worf props the Sword up against the rock.) And when we do, you will get your precious statue. And after they have sung songs about you and you have passed out from too much drink, the Emperor will use the Sword to unite our people. The Emperor is no one's puppet. He condemned Gowron's invasion of Cardassia. That is why the Emperor needs the Sword. It will allow him to unify the Houses against Gowron. I supported him because we need him. He can unite us. Someone like you? Are you saying it is your intention to lead the Empire? No. We must keep moving. He never answered my question about his plans for the Sword. He is a hero to many. If he brings it back with him to Kronos and decides to seize power, many will follow him. He is not all I thought he was. He drinks too much. He exaggerates his feats. He blames others for his own mistakes. But he could be right about one thing. The Emperor may be too weak to stand against Gowron, even with the Sword. I do not know what I believe anymore. All I know is when Kor asked me to help find the Sword, I knew we would succeed. I knew we would find it! I had no doubt. I felt as if my life was finally coming into focus. For as long as I can remember, I have always been an outsider. I was raised by humans, but I was too Klingon to be one of them. I did not belong. I begged my foster parents to allow me to visit the Klingon homeworld. They arranged for me to stay with my cousin's family. When I first set eyes on the Great Domes of Kronos, I felt that I had finally come home. But my own cousins wanted nothing to do with me. I ran away into the mountains. I was without food or water for three days. But there, in the caves of No'Mat, Kahless appeared to me in a vision and told me I would do something no other Klingon had ever done. After I returned to Earth, I pondered the meaning of his words and wondered what lay ahead for me. When I was old enough, I joined Starfleet. And for a time, I thought that I had fulfilled my destiny, but I now see that Kahless had something else in mind for me. Something, something greater. That is why I had to endure so much pain, why I was forced to choose between the Federation and my own people. I was being tested, prepared for some greater purpose. More than that. When I held the Sword in my hands, I felt the spirit of Kahless himself had guided me to it. Don't you see? He wants me to have it. He wants me to lead his people! Kor is an old man. His greatest days are behind him. Mine are still ahead. (Kor is listening.) Wait. There (Worf sees another path past a narrow ledge. Dax goes first, Worf second, Kor and the sword last. Kor slips, Worf grabs the sword and Kor is dangling from the other end of it. Dax hangs onto Worf.) Kor, there is a ledge right below you. It is less than one metre down. Let go and you'll land on it. I can't hold you! You'll have to let go. It is there. No! We cannot risk losing the Sword. Let go! It would've been sufficient. And you were willing to take the Sword to your death and rob our people of their future. I will not give him the Sword. His mind has been poisoned by bloodwine and age. I did not force him off that cliff. He is old and clumsy. If he'd have fallen, it would have been his own fault. (Later) Commander. We can rest in here for a few hours. I will take the first watch. Sleep or do not sleep. It makes no difference to me. I'm not tired. You reveal your own intentions. I heard nothing. I have had enough of your drunken ramblings, old man. I have had enough! His eyes. He has been staring at me for three hours. This ends here. You stay out of this! No, no. He has the Sword. HIv DaH! (Worf and Dax join in. Once again the Lethean is about to get his hands on Dax's head so Kor throws Sword into his back. Worf finishes off his opponent, pulls it out of the Lethean's back and kills the last Klingon.) Yes. Yes, it is the only way. But are we ready for it? The Sword turned you and me against each other. Imagine how it would divide the Empire. The Sword is not meant for us. It was never our destiny to find it. It is done. When it is destined to be found, it will be. (And the Sword floats on through the vastness of space, a small but sharp hazard to navigation.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Magnetic interlocks are failing. Warp core breach is imminent. Ten seconds to warp core breach. [Ops] May I see your invitation? I am Duchamps. I am Doctor Noah's associate. Charmed. Your invitation, Mister Merriweather? The Doctor does not like unexpected guests. Now why would that interest Doctor Noah? How unfortunate. Of course, a meeting still can be arranged. For a price. Five million francs. I do not understand. Where's the rest of your money? You're quite a baccarat player, Mister Merriweather. Right now. (And blows a powder into their faces. They all pass out) [Holosuite - Sitting room] (A fire in the grate, a bejewelled brass vase and snowcapped mountains visible through the picture windows.) Making a mistake. (Worf's gun is at Garak's head.)
Ten minutes ago we received a recording of a high level diplomatic conference that took place between the Federation and the Romulan Empire on Earth a few days ago. Computer, begin replay at time index five nine eleven. (The viewscreen shows a bunch of aliens milling around an oval table on stardate 49170.65, then there's a bang and static.) Of unknown composition. Computer, restart recording at time index five nine one six, one tenth normal speed. Freeze picture. Enlarge section F three and enhance. (A decorative vase on a pedestal.) Keep your eye on the piece of pottery. Computer, resume at one tenth speed. (The vase starts to morph then the bang.) No sign of a changeling was found in the aftermath. We must assume that it escaped unharmed. When was the last time the wormhole opened? Perhaps it has returned to normal. I prefer Klingon beliefs. Our gods are dead. Ancient Klingon warriors slew them a millennia ago. They were more trouble than they were worth.
Continue on course. Raise shields. (Boom) Damage report. We would have to lower shields. (Boom) Hail them. We fight. (Boom) Target their weapons. Fire phasers. (The little ship runs rings around the big Lakota.) [Leyton's office] What about the Lakota? That is not an option. They have powered down their weapons. Hold your fire. On screen. [Leyton's office]
I would recommend clearing that entire section of the Habitat Ring. Providing security was difficult enough aboard the Enterprise. It appears to be next to impossible on this station. I prefer a more orderly environment. How do you tolerate living here? Unfortunately, I have found it difficult to establish a routine here. Yes, mine too. Even with my eyes closed I would still know where everything was. I would not tolerate it any other way. Of course not. That would only invite subsequent visits. So far, the only person who has a tendency to drop by is Chief O'Brien. Perhaps if I am more inhospitable, he will stop. The wardroom will be scanned and secured well before then. [Corridor] (Shakaar and Sarish come out of a room.) Acknowledged. [Security office] Your route has been secured. [Turbolift] It appears that they accessed the turbolift control system through the ODN relays. (Odo isn't paying attention) There might be a trace of the access signal left in the relays. If we can isolate it, we might be able to follow it back to the source. Odo. Are you listening? Your mind does not appear to be on its work. When someone fails to ask for a security verification, their state of mind is obvious. And with all due respect, I do not see how sitting in a chair staring at a wall is going to help apprehend Shakaar's would-be assassin. Why? She already gave us her statement. Take him to a holding cell. He was responsible for the attack on First Minister Shakaar. He has admitted to being a True Way operative. They provided him with an isolinear interface to access station systems. He was attempting to use it to depressurise Shakaar's quarters by sabotaging the environmental controls. When he tried to access them, I traced the signal path back to him. He was operating out of an abandoned cargo hold on level thirty one. It was not necessary. Your deputies assisted me quite capably. They are well trained. You are to be commended. [Odo's quarters] (Odo trashes his room to relieve his anger and frustration, including throwing the bucket of flowers against the wall, then sits in the mess for a while.)
Major, may I speak with you? The Federation has some concerns about your upcoming meeting with the Cardassians. There are certain technological advances that we have shared with both Bajor and the Klingons that we prefer to keep out of Cardassian hands. Photon torpedo guidance systems, long-range sensors, enhanced warp core overdrives. This is a complete list. (Kira tries to focus on the PADD.) Undoubtedly. Yes.
E-cha! That is a classic argument. However, I find using a large and intimidating weapon like a bat'leth often leads to overconfidence. You were overconfident. You thought by distracting me with your outfit you would gain an advantage. (Her exercise suit has a low neckline. Décolletage is on display.) Er, I thought that. I mean, I only assumed that Movek. I am only vocalising my Worf here. I'm on my way. Computer, exit. [Airlock] (The drunken Klingon has a dagger.) Kurn! He is my brother. Where have you been? I have tried to contact you for months. What? You are not in the holding cell. You're in my quarters. (There is a glass with green liquid on a table by the settee.) For your head. It serves me. Kurn, where have you been? It has been four months since your last message. I know what has happened. I regret that by opposing Gowron I have brought disgrace to our family. I do not apologise for what I have done. I could not join Gowron in his war with Cardassia or the Federation. It would have been dishonourable. I will not debate this with you, Kurn. What is done is done. Kurn, I know this has been difficult for you. By killing you? You have been wronged in this life. There is nothing left here for you. No honour, no future. May this blade speed you on your journey. (Worf holds the two-pronged dagger above his head. Kurn opens his shirt.) Goodbye, my brother. This is not your concern! It is a private matter! (Dax and Kurn beam out) You are well within your right to do so. Captain, I do not have an answer. Sir, I realise my actions were in violation of Starfleet regulations, but Captain, it may not be possible to Wake him. Yes. Commander Dax realised what we were doing and she had you beamed to the Infirmary. He still awaits you, but it is not yet time for you to join him. It is not for me to make that choice. It was not my decision. It was Dax and Odo that prevented Enter. What can I do for you, Commander? You were following your conscience. That is an honourable motive. You are not Klingon. No. Commander, there is the question of what to do next. None. If Kurn is to remain on the station, he will need tasks to perform. A job. Yes, but I doubt Kurn would be interested in joining Starfleet. Non-lethal skills are not valued in the Empire. He will. I would not be asking you to consider him if I were not. I am indebted to you. This is a message from Starfleet Command requesting an update on our defence systems. I am gratified to hear that. Kurn. I understand. The transition will probably be difficult for some time. I see. I never doubted it. Carry on. [Bridge] Worf here. On my way. [Infirmary] What happened? Let himself? Yes. (Bashir shows him to the surgical ward.) Thank you, Doctor. How do you feel? I thought we had agreed that you would try to make Mines. They hit a mine. The type of mine currently used by the Klingons remains dormant until it is armed by a coded subspace signal. I have an idea. [Worf's quarters] It is their actions that are dishonourable. Secretly mining star systems is not the act of warriors. They behave like, like Romulan cowards. Kurn, let me ask you this. Do you agree with what has happened between the Empire and the Federation? Answer the question! Why did you oppose the decision? A war the Empire may lose. You know that mining this system is just the beginning. If we do nothing, it will only encourage Gowron to continue thinking of the Federation as weak. Eventually he will attack, and that will be the end of the Empire. That is why you must join me on this mission. Not for my honour, and not for the Federation, but to prevent the Empire from being destroyed in a war they cannot win. Our people have turned their backs on us but we have not turned our backs on them. Let it be the Sons of Mogh, side by side, saving our people. Do this with me. [Infirmary] (Worf and Kurn are being disguised as wounded soldiers) I got it. How long will it last? That should be sufficient. I have found the main file directory. Can you access the deployment plan? Perhaps you have not been tending to your duties. I am Commander Sorval, son of M'tokra. I will not be questioned by a Lieutenant who should be cleaning my quarters. Leave us, or I shall have you stripped of rank and sent home in a transport! That will not be necessary. All that we require is (Kurn pulls Worf out of the way and kills the Klingon.) You did not have to do that. He was backing down. (Kurn picks up a small knife.) We must hurry. The disruptor blast will alert the security sensors. Since we now have the detonation codes for each mine, we can set them off individually or all at once. Thank you, sir. (Sisko leaves.) I am still troubled by the death of that Klingon officer. That us not the point. I should have seen what he was going to do. He decided to kill me while I was looking him right in the eyes and I never saw it. But Kurn did, and he was three metres away. A Klingon can. It is an instinct. The ability to look someone in the eyes and see the decision to kill. An instinct I no longer have. Kurn was right. I have lived with humans so long I no longer think like a Klingon. For a long time I have tried to walk the line between the Empire and the Federation. I told myself I could live in either world, that it was my choice. But the truth is, I cannot go back to the Empire. I had always hoped that one day the House of Mogh would reclaim its rightful place and that I would return. But now I know that even if I did, I have no place there. This is all I have. It will have to be. But my brother does not even have this. For him there is no future without the Empire. No life. No. I was able to do it once by telling myself it was an honourable Klingon ritual. But now I cannot help but think of it as humans do. As murder. If you die by your own hand you will not travel across the River of Blood and enter Sto'Vo'kor. Put down the disruptor. (Kurn does.) On that we both agree. You are not a burden. And you will be an honourable man again, but not as my brother. [Infirmary] (Kurn is on an operating table) What will he remember? There is a man named Noggra, a friend of our father's. He will be arriving in a few hours. He has agreed to provide Kurn with a new identity and a new family. He will supply Kurn with all the answers he needs. It is the only way. You may begin. (Worf and Dax leave) I am Worf. I have no family. (Worf walks out and along the promenade, a man alone.)  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Department heads, prepare reports for tomorrow's briefing. All hands, dismissed. Commander, during our manoeuvres through that asteroid belt in the Kar-telos system, I noticed the Defiant felt a little sluggish when turning hard aport. I'll begin drawing up a schedule immediately. And while we're at it, we should recalibrate the targeting scanners and check the EPS relays. Chief O'Brien has done an excellent job. This is a fine ship. But it is my duty to keep her functioning at peak proficiency. You exaggerate, as usual. [Quark's] (Leeta picks up a dropped piece of latinum as two Irish warriors enter. She laughs.) It would seem so. A Klingon warrior does not need the praise of his teacher. Listen. (A thumping noise in the ceiling. Worf opens the panel with his bat'leth and a thief falls out. Small items scatter everywhere.) Do not move. This p'tak just robbed my quarters. And you will have one. But I want to know why such a security breach was allowed to occur in the first place. They did not happen on the Enterprise. That will not be necessary. I understand. It is just that I find it irritating. How long will it take? Until the next time it breaks down. How do you tolerate working in this environment? Easier? The Enterprise never had these kind of problems. Sir, if I could explain. We were not fighting. Having a difference of opinion. Now that was an accident. Chief, may I speak with you? I feel I owe you an apology. I allowed our argument in Quark's to get out of hand. Nonetheless, we are Starfleet officers, and Starfleet officers do not brawl with each other. It never should have happened. And under normal circumstances, it never would have. But there is something about this station I find unsettling. Perhaps. But in the meantime, I think I've found a solution. I'm going to move my quarters to the Defiant. I have already discussed it with Captain Sisko. As long as it doesn't interfere with my duties. (bliss) I know. [Corridor] Much. A wise decision. A thoughtful gift. I am not sure I agree. Perhaps in the end it will be all of you who that have to adapt to me. [Quark's] (Leeta and Quark are greeting the customers.)
Now? I see. Seven months? Unfortunately, I will be away from the station at that time. Far away. Visiting my parents. On Earth. Excuse me. (Worf leaves)
What time is it? I have nothing to hide. Use whatever you wish. Well, Pentath is a strategically important system. The Klingons will try to stop them. I hope they do. [Wardroom] Come about. The cruiser is taking us too far away from the convoy. Try to keep our portside to the Klingons. Fire! (They hit the ship and it cloaks.) We have them now. Come to course one eight five mark two seven eight. Stand by quantum torpedoes, full spread. Fire! (The ship is still decloaking when it goes KaBOOM) (to camera) The escort mission had proceeded smoothly for two days. We detected several subspace distortions which might have been cloaked ships, but nothing definite. There was no warning. Raise shields, arm phasers. Bring us about. [Wardroom] Of course. I am a Klingon. We live for battle. No, sir. Whatever my personal feelings may be, I do not allow them to interfere with my duty or my professional judgement. I respect the Chief's opinion. He and I have served together for many years, and I consider him a friend. However, he was not in command that day. It makes all the difference. He is looking back at a decision, analysing it weeks later. As the commanding officer of the Defiant, it was my duty to look forward, to anticipate every possible situation. I knew that our convoy would be passing through civilian shipping lanes, but, in my judgement, the chances of a civilian vessel decloaking in the middle of a battle were remote. I decided that if I were engaged in combat I would not hesitate to fire at a decloaking ship. Yes, sir. If I had hesitated, I would have been negligent. I would have been risking my ship, my crew and the entire convoy. I sided with the Federation during the invasion of Cardassia. For that, Chancellor Gowron stripped me of my name and my family honour. I am angry about the treatment I have received. I felt it was unjust. No. I am hated. Yes. What is that supposed to mean? No. Yes. They fired the first shot. And when that happened, they became my enemies. There is nothing honourable about killing those who cannot defend themselves. No, I would not. I grieve for them. You will say anything. You have no honour! I fear nothing. And if you would like to pick up a bat'leth and face me with weapons instead of words, I will prove it to you. I am a Klingon warrior. Captain. I am aware of it, but I have much on my mind. Ch'Pok was right. I did have something to prove when I took command of the convoy and I did not realise it until I stood there looking down at him, blood trickling from his mouth. In that moment I remember thinking finally he had given me what I really wanted. A reason to attack him. And I had that same feeling when the Klingon ships first attacked. Finally, a chance for vengeance. I should not have accepted the mission. When the ship decloaked, I should have checked the target before I fired. Yes, sir. I do not feel lucky. But I do not feel like celebrating. Life is a great deal more complicated in this red uniform.
Your throw. I am not sure. We could start again. We could go kayaking in the holosuite. Is everything all right?
Ah. So this is the p'tak who lost Terok Nor to the rebels. Are you calling me a liar? But you are the only officer who managed to escape. You are attempting to shift blame away from yourself. This time I will deal with the rebels myself. You will be at my side, redeeming yourself in battle. Spoken like a Klingon. No. The collar stays until every rebel on Terok Nor lies dead at my feet. [Defiant Bridge] (There's a construction gantry around the ship and a lot of work going on inside.) A ship? What kind of ship? How long until it is operational? Quiet! If it was not for your incompetence, the rebels would have been destroyed. And for following those orders you deserve to die. At least what? You are not my type. Increase speed to warp nine. [Jennifer's quarters] (Dinner for two.) The key. Where is it? You are lying. Don't make me ask you again. Perhaps you swallowed it. We will see about that. (Worf stabs Garak in the abdomen.) What is it? (to Klingon) If he dies, you die. Wise choice. But they will not get far. [Rebel raider] (Basically, a runabout) Concentrate your fire on that ship. Good. That should make things easier. Terok Nor will soon be ours again. Then you can spend the rest of your life contemplating your failure as you labour alongside the other slaves in the ore processing centre. I want that ship destroyed now! You mean retreat? I have been betrayed! There can be no other explanation for my defeat. The traitor must be found and punished. The Intendant. Of course. And while you dispose of the Intendant, I will dispose of the rebels. Make it so! [Terok Nor Infirmary]
I would.
They should be. Without the Cardassian military to stop them, the Maquis have a perfect opportunity to drive the Cardassians out of the DMZ permanently. Aye, sir. Stay with her, Chief. They are terrorists, little more than criminals. And criminals always make mistakes. They should be hunted down and destroyed. I would not become a terrorist. It would be dishonourable. Bring us within visual range. Captain Yates is on her way back to the station. She should arrive at nineteen hundred hours. These are the same coordinates they used for the last rendezvous. Perhaps. But it is also possible that her cargo is so valuable to the Maquis that she will wait as long as it takes to make the delivery. No, sir. Deep Space Nine seems to be under a communications blackout.
You! How did you do it? I ordered a glass of prune juice from the replicator in the Defiant's mess. This is what it came in. (The mug is emblazoned with Quarks. Free refill. Limit one per customer. When tilted, the jingle plays.)
Prune juice, extra large. (Worf turns and walks over to the table, and just stands there.) Thank you. (And as Worf sits, red alert sounds.) Restricting the Defiant to guard duty would be a serious mistake. Perhaps, but adopting a siege mentality is ultimately self-defeating. A Jem'Hadar warship. This can't be the vessel we're looking for. Major Kira said the Jem'Hadar strike team that attacked the station used a transport ship. I would not be so certain of that. I was on the mission that discovered the Iconian homeworld. We were forced to destroy the Gateway we found there rather than let it fall into the hands of the Romulans, and Starfleet Command supported our decision. You're asking us to lie to them about our mission. It is not honourable. How many renegades are there all together? Neutralising nine guards before one of them can raise an alarm will be difficult. If you would like to test my courage, I Let's go. Go. (O'Brien primes the bomb he was carrying.) I do not see him. I know. Where is he? The third Jem'Hadar guard. He is still here somewhere. We had to be sure the room was secure. otherwise someone could have disarmed the explosive the moment we left. What is the point of doing battle if you cannot enjoy the fruits of victory? No, I mean spending long nights singing songs of your deeds. Good food, good drink. We consider Klingon women our partners in battle. They are the mothers of our children. True. Loyalty bought at such a price is no loyalty at all. When the time comes, you will find us more than ready. I did. Yes, sir. (Worf leaves) Captain. I'm on my way. There is something I wish to discuss with you. It has come to my attention that First Omet'iklan has threatened to kill you. You told Commander Dax. She's concerned about you, and for good reason. As your executive officer, I recommend that you remain on the ship during the away mission. That way, Omet'iklan will have no opportunity to carry out his threat. No, sir, I do not. But I hope you will take some advice. Do not turn your back on him. Good. I also want you to know if somehow he does carry out his threat, he will not live to boast about it. Something must be interfering with our equipment. It would appear we no longer have the element of surprise. This way. Keep moving. [Ziggurat vestibule] I think we have waited long enough. (Worf puts down his satchel, which morphs to knock down the entering Jem'Hadar) [Passageway] Here, Captain. (KaBOOM!)
Chief, I'm certain Doctor Bashir and Major Kira are taking good care of your wife. The Volga. It's been damaged. Doctor Bashir is requesting emergency transport to the Infirmary. Two patients. Major Kira, Keiko O'Brien. [Infirmary]
If Gowron is willing to go to war over the Archanis sector, then he has become even more dangerous than I thought. Ten. (Kira stops at eight.) I doubt that he would wish to be seen in such a weakened state. That is doubtful. Odo values his privacy. He does not like to socialise. It is not an act. He told me so himself. Captain, was Dax's last host as argumentative as this one? Why not use the transporter? Tell him the ship is off limits to Cardassian spies. It is disconcerting, to say the least. They did not want you to hear what they were saying. I would advise against allowing Dominion representatives aboard this ship. Sir. I do not think he'll be able to hide anything from the Founders. Wait here. [Jefferies tube junction.] Garak. Just as I thought. You were trying to override the launch controls for the quantum torpedoes. And what about Odo, and Captain Sisko and Doctor Bashir? We are not here to wage war. I am a warrior, not a murderer. You fight well for a tailor. [Atoll] (And even later, Bashir has fallen asleep.)
Where are they? They should've been back hours ago. I never should have let them leave in a runabout. I should have insisted that they take the Defiant. It would take a fleet of Klingon ships to breach the station's defences. I say we take the Defiant and go looking for them. You may be in charge of the station, Major, but I command the Defiant. It is the Rio Grande. Permission to welcome the Captain back on board. That will make our job more difficult. Ty'Gokor is located in an asteroid field deep in Klingon space. It is probably the most heavily fortified installation in the Empire. Even if we do find a way inside, getting close to Gowron will not be easy. He is guarded around the clock by his personal security force, the Yan-Isleth. There is another option. We could kill him. If we succeed, there will be many songs sung in our honour. The ship is ready for departure, sir. Our names should be added to the list of candidates for the Order of the Bat'leth. We shall start with you. I am waiting. I am not interested in excuses. Are you a Klingon warrior or an Alverian dung beetle? Do not look away from me. I called you a dung beetle. And what is your response? This is not going to work. It is not enough to look like a Klingon. One must act like one. Perhaps it is better if I went (Sisko hits Worf.) Very convincing, Captain. But was it your intention to challenge me to a battle to the death? The next time, do not strike me with the back of your hand. Use your fist. You should think twice before insulting a Klingon like that. Look at you. You stand so far away from me. You speak so softly. Are you afraid of me or just disgusted by my presence? Keep practising. (Meanwhile, Odo is leaving, so Sisko follows him.) [Dukat's ship - another room] I might be able to convince them that You should have let me speak to them! If that is a joke, I am not amused. Did you add our names to the Commendation List? You can smell the blood of history in these stones. Come, we must celebrate. T'kah! Many hours. He will not appear until tomorrow morning at the earliest. This is an endurance test as much as it is a celebration. It's part of the initiation rite for the Order of the Bat'leth. The idea is to eat, drink, stay awake all night and still be clear-eyed when Gowron arrives for the ceremony. Or you would be so drunk you would not be able to stand. (Sisko wins his match) Captain. If Martok is here, Gowron will not be far behind. Kodrak, my brother. Ah, you found it. It's a tinghamut. A Vulcan toy for children. If you want one, you will have to find your own. (Worf takes the emitter from the Klingon and hands it to Odo.) Give this to your son. You want proof? Take our polaron emitters and use them on Gowron. Since when is it treasonous to act in the best interests of the Empire? You could challenge him to honourable combat. It is your death. (Gowron and Worf duel. Sisko shoots a Klingon who aims a gun at Worf. Gowron knocks out another who gets up on the stage to help.) Why not? You told us that the Martok changeling was the one who pushed for the attack on the Federation.
Strategically, the planet's location would make it difficult to maintain adequate supply lines, but not impossible. A warship. A Jem'Hadar warship. (The group looks round the ship during the opening credits.) Can you open it, Chief? Captain, we buried the bodies on the other side of that ridge. The DNA readings. Forty two Jem'Hadar. One Vorta. Why do they not come? Captain, they're in the ship! (Kilana and her escort beam away.) [Jem'Hadar ship corridor] (The Jem'Hadar finally knocks out Dax and is about to stab O'Brien when he gets shot) And why send only one Jem'Hadar? If that is true, then we must find out what it is. But there are significant differences. There are many systems that we are completely unfamiliar with. How long? No, he will not. He will not see tomorrow. It does no good to shield him from the truth. Let him prepare for death. It was over the moment he was shot by the Jem'Hadar. I do not believe they're trying to hit us. Their targeting systems cannot be that ineffective. Commander. It may have been the Vorta's computer console. I found it in one of the upper compartments, but the power grid is offline in that part of the ship. I do not care what you do with it. I have a game I would like to play with them. If only I could leave this prison and meet them face-to-face on a field of battle. That is no way for anyone to die. It is only a matter of time. If you truly are his friend, you would consider that option. It would be a more honourable death than the one he's enduring. No. You're just another weak human afraid to face death. (O'Brien takes a swing at Worf which is easily stopped) Aye, sir. Ion thrusters fully charged. Plasma compensators, online. We need more power. Reactor containment fields overloading. I did not mean to interrupt. You are performing ak'voh for your friend. Yes. It's an old Klingon tradition. When a warrior dies in battle, his comrades stay with the body to keep away predators. That allows the spirit to leave the body when it is ready for the long journey to Sto'Vo'Kor. We will both keep the predators away.
It is the power of his voice, the strength of his intonation that make Barak-kadan a great singer. There are none like him. I prefer traditional opera performed in the traditional manner. Did you see her? She was glorious. [Promenade] (Grilka and co go into Quarks) I have never seen such a woman. Who is she? What house is she from? I do not recognise her family crest. (Grilka goes over to Quark, makes a pretence of going for her dagger, then they embrace.) She's a friend of the Ferengi. Why? Why? A marriage of convenience. His opinion is of no consequence. He is unworthy of such a prize as she. I will apologize for this at another time. You are in my seat! (Worf throws Morn off his seat and sits down) Bartender! Bloodwine! What is that smell? Is there a pile of rotting forshak in here? (Worf glowers at Thopok.) Or is it you. Stand when I talk to you. Do you think it is funny? (Worf goes to the table, throwing chairs out of his way.) I meant no disrespect. Why? No. You'd be surprised what I know. I am a fool. There is no flattery in a great lady being courted by a traitor. What do you want? She invited you to dinner? Grilka is from the Mekro'vak region. It is customary among her people that the man to bring a leg of a lingta to the first courtship dinner. Make sure it's fresh, as if you had just killed it. Then use the leg to sweep aside everything on the table and declare in a loud voice, 'I have brought you this. From this day, I wish to provide food for you and your House. All I ask is to share your company and do honour to your name.' So, I don't know anything about Klingon women. It is a poet. What else happened? A perfect evening. That is to be expected. The idea of a Ferengi courting a great lady is offensive. The heart of a Basai Master. She said that? Yes. I can. We have work to do. [Holosuite - Hall of Warriors] (Quark and Dax are playing Kahless and Lukara, and fighting enemies whilst Worf paces around. Dax dispatches her foe but Quark is about to be killed.) (prompting) Kosh tomah. Enough. You say the words, but there is no feeling behind them, no passion. Do not think of it as a performance. Believe in where you are. Put yourself in this time, in this place. A thousand years ago, the dawn of the Empire, five hundred warriors storm the Great Hall at Qam-Chee. The city garrison fled before them. Only the Emperor Kahless and the Lady Lukara stood their ground. It was here that they began the greatest romance in Klingon history. The only reason that worked was because Gowron stepped in and restrained your opponent before he was able to kill you. No one will stop Thopok. Dax and I aren't even able to attend. Yes. The movement would not have hurt if you were in better physical condition. I cannot believe the lengths I am going to for that Ferengi. I'm practically giving him Grilka. It is everything about her. The way she carries herself, confident and strong. She commands those around her. The proud tilt of her head. The way her face betrays none of her true feelings. The power of her voice. And her eyes, as hard as separ gemstones and twice as sharp. You do not understand. You are not in my shoes. Can you repair it? (scanning the bulkhead.) I do not know how, but he is still alive. You must work faster. I was not showing off. [Holosuite - Hall of Warriors] (Thopok is disarmed and open) What does she see in that parasite? He would have to be blind not to see it. Kosh tomah ehpaq Lukara kaVeir. Meklo boH ka Mech. We, er. You do realise that according to Klingon tradition But as you keep insisting, you are not a traditional woman. You might be right. How do you wish to proceed? You must have some idea. You were the Yes. And now there are questions that must be answered. I do not like the uncertainty of that arrangement.
She is carrying his child, he should have some say. Half the colonists are still trapped on the planet. There are no ships in the area to evacuate them.
This is Mister Waddle. We are taking him back to the Federation. He was trapped on Cardassia when the Klingons attacked. His real name is Arne Darvin. He is a Klingon altered to look human. We have a theory. This is Darvin as he appeared during that time period. At this moment he is aboard space station K-seven, posing as a Federation official. That arrest will end his career. Klingon Intelligence will turn their back on him and he will become an outcast. No. He wiped the transporter logs when he beamed out. Little of it is habitable. Most of K seven consists of storage areas and industrial fabrication facilities. I have completed my search of the primary habitat levels and. What is that sound? A tribble. Where did you get that thing? The feeling's! The feeling's mutual. They are detestable creatures. They do nothing but consume food and breed. If you feed that thing more than the smallest morsel, in a few hours you'll have ten tribbles then a hundred then a thousand. They were once considered mortal enemies of the Klingon Empire. They were an ecological menace, a plague to be wiped out. Hundreds of warriors were sent to track them down throughout the galaxy. An armada obliterated the Tribbles' homeworld. By the end of the twenty third century they had been eradicated. Where? It would be an honour to meet him. They are Klingons, and it is a long story. We do not discuss it with outsiders. You are no hero to the Empire. What have you done? Did you hire someone to kill him? Did you sabotage the Enterprise?
Chief. I heard about Keiko's accident. How is she? That is good. If there is anything I can do.
Prune juice, extra large. Captain, Constable, Commander. Did she? Apparently not. I am looking forward to spending some time alone with Lieutenant Commander Dax. We have much to discuss. It is a private matter. His skull is transparent. It is not proper for you to have lunch with an ex-lover while we are together. I do trust you. I do not trust Captain Boday. I am sure she will. (Sisko and Odo leave.) I do not see why you feel the need to talk about our personal lives to other people. I suppose not. Do not hug me. Good. Because we have much to discuss. [Corridor] Curzon. Of course. What is he doing here? Jadzia. Tell the Ferengi to return to his cabin. Tell the Ferengi to return to his cabin now. Coming about. Setting course for Deep Space Nine. Going? Where? Starfleet uniforms are designed for comfort in even the most extreme environments. It's an artificially created paradise, maintained by the most elaborate weather control system in the Federation. In it's natural state, Risa is nothing more than a rain soaked, geologically unstable jungle. I did not come here to admire the scenery. Well maybe. I would not be so hasty. A few months ago, when I was commanding the Defiant on a scouting mission in the Gamma Quadrant, we encountered a protostar cluster, a swirling mass of colour set against a background of glowing clouds and burning sky. It was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen, until now. A friend of Curzon's. Killed him? I will take your word for it. Maybe later. Thank you. But we have everything we need. (Arandis leaves.) Why? Is there something of hers you want? I hope you remember that. If I am angry, it is because you do not take our relationship seriously. If you were a Klingon woman, we would already be married. That's no excuse. I have been loyal to you, and I expect you to be loyal to me in return. I'm not trying to run your life. That is a mistake. You are allergic to icoberry juice. It makes your spots itch. Fine. Have as much icoberry juice as you like. But it is still a mistake. As you wish. [Dax and Worf's room] (Worf is holding up a small pair of gold lame trunks when the doorbell rings.) Enter. (A fully dressed man comes in.) I'm not familiar with that organisation. On Risa? I would not dismiss Fullerton so quickly. His analysis of recent Federation history is both insightful and disturbing. It would not hurt you to read this. [Cubicle] (In a curtained area, Leeta is getting a sonic massage from a handsome man.) That was not Doctor Bashir. Are you defending her actions? I cannot. The Essentialists are having a rally and I plan to attend. Perhaps you underestimate the power of Fullerton's message. Why are he and Leeta not together? This place is a bad influence on people. I would not call it a show. Kahless fought off an entire army at Three Turn Bridge, and he was only one man. I am merely observing that the Klingons never would have attacked if had they not believed the Federation vulnerable. Even now, since the changeling was discovered on the Klingon High Council, most of my people continue to call for war because they think they can win. You cannot be certain of that. The two of you dishonour each other with your actions. Terminating a relationship should not be taken so frivolously. Oh, no. no. Just the ones that are important. (There's a commotion outside. A group of Essentialists with phaser rifles threaten guests and tear down curtains.) Wait. I cannot condone what you have done. We need to talk. No. About us. I did not say you were doing anything wrong. It's just that some of your behaviour At times, you are too impulsive. You act without thinking. You have no self-control. Jadzia, you are my par'Machkai. And that means everything you do reflects on me. I just need to know that you take this relationship as seriously as I do. Nor am I. You go. I will be there shortly. [Solarium] (Next morning, repairs are almost done.) Dax. You want to make people leave Risa. I think I know a way. [Dax and Worf's room] It was mine. The grid has been deactivated. It will take three or four days to restore the system to normal operation. During that time, the inhabitants of Risa and their guests will experience the planet's natural weather cycle. I think you will find me quite rational. I disagree. If Federation citizens cannot handle a little bad weather, how will they handle a Dominion invasion? (Later, the thunder and lightning continue. Quark comes back inside.) One that you can build on. I have had my fill of Risa. Good luck. Their response only proves my point. I do not expect you to understand. You give yourself far too much credit. You know what I think. A Klingon woman would not have given me grounds for suspicion. You may have lived among my people, but you are not a Klingon. I am. That's not the issue here. I do not wish to lose you, Jadzia. You know from the age of seven I was raised by humans on the farmworld of Gault? It was a sparsely populated world, no more than twenty thousand inhabitants. It often seemed as though everyone knew everyone else. But one thing was for certain, everyone knew me. I was the Klingon child, the uncontrollable one. I was the biggest, the strongest, most fearless child on the entire planet. I fought hard, played hard, I did as I pleased. When I was thirteen, I was captain of my school soccer team. We had made the championships, and I was determined to win. Near the end of the second half, with the score tied, my team got a corner kick. The ball sailed up high. Both I and one of my opponents, a human boy named Mikel, leaped up to head the ball. He had position, but I was determined to score. I remember laughing with excitement as I threw myself at him. The next thing I knew, the ball was sailing into their goal. I roared with triumph and turned around to Mikel to gloat, only to find him lying on the grass bleeding. Our heads had collided when we both went up for the ball. I had not feel the impact, but I had broken his neck, and he died the next day. Which only makes it worse. Compared to Klingons, humans are fragile creatures. I realised at that moment to live among them I must practice restraint. At first. In time it became part of who I was, who I am. Someone I care about might get hurt. Nor would I do anything to hurt you. The Essentialists. [Fullerton's room] The uplink. Give it to me. Perhaps I was for a time. But I believe the Federation will survive the Dominion, the Borg and people like you. (Worf uses the uplink and the shaking stops) You say that we have to return to traditional Federation values. Well, I agree, but one of those values is trust. It is essential that we remember that. I will do as I please. (And throws him across the room.) I am on vacation. [Beach] I did not think that I would be welcome. Now we watch the suns set. I didn't bring a bathing suit.
Very well. Clear them for docking on landing pad one. Lifesigns? Disengage the auto-pilot. Bring the runabout to within transporter range. Doctor Bashir to transporter room five. Medical Emergency. [Runabout] (Worf, Bashir, and Security beam in. Everyone is unconscious in their seats.) Check the aft compartment. (Bashir scans Sisko.) What does that mean? Can you revive them? We have found preliminary indications that the ship encountered a class two plasma storm which irradiated the vessel. Well, the runabout is still being analysed. We should have more information soon. Doctor. (Garak's nose is bleeding.) You mean he thought he was injured? Could these stimuli cause more serious injuries? But what is causing all of this?
We found him on top of the mountain, slumped over a subspace transmitter.
Welcome Klingons. Perhaps so. But there is one problem. There is an ancient Klingon proverb that says, You cannot loosen a man's tongue with root beer. And you, Major? Are you celebrating? And what changed your mind? Those quarters are not appropriate for Admiral Colti. She outranks Admiral Veta. That will not do. Rifkin commands a starship. Protocol requires he be given equal quarters. It is naval tradition. Your gods have granted the Captain a powerful vision. Do not attempt to convince them, Major. They cannot understand. What I believe in is faith. Without it there can be no victory. If the Captain's faith is strong, he will prevail.
I do not smirk. But if I did this would be a good occasion. You might have asked before mocking him and then allowing him to up the stakes to a no-limit game. Two bars of latinum. I hope you have it. No. Major Kira's friend is ready for transport. Quark may lend you the money, but remember Rule of Acquisition number one hundred and eleven. Treat people in your debt like family, exploit them. I am a graduate of Starfleet Academy. I know many things. Something is interfering with the integration matrix. Boost the gain on the energising coils. The device is typically used by the Romulans. However, it is sold on the black market. It will be difficult. Our sensor logs show that Major Kira masked her engine emissions with a polaron field. The runabout's particle Aye, sir. Kira Nerys, personal log, stardate 50416.2. I've eliminated three of the suspects from Odo's list. I'm satisfied that none of them could've committed the murders. The fourth name is Silaran Prin, a Cardassian living on a planet near the DMZ. [Silaran's house] (A converted cargo container on a dusty, windy world. Kira beams in and starts scanning the place. A Cardassian comes up behind her. She fires but the beam goes through him and he disappears. Then someone stuns her. The mystery person puts Kira onto a recliner chair and holds her there with a force field. She wakes.)
Constable. Why are you talking to your beverage?
Twenty two minutes. They're on patrol in the DMZ, near the Gamma seven outpost. Understood. He has locked his weapons on us. Two Bolian freighters have disappeared near the Badlands. They believe the Maquis are responsible. Several thousand tons of selenium and rhodium nitrite. Commander Dax is analysing the possibilities. Aye, sir. (Worf leaves) He launched three stratospheric torpedoes at the planet and spread cobalt diselenide throughout the biosphere. The Cardassians are already evacuating. And Eddington has announced that the Maquis intend to reclaim the planet once they are gone. The Malinche is our only ship in the sector. Recalibrate phaser banks one and two. Aye, sir. Captain's log, supplemental. After completing a series of readiness drills, we've entered the plasma fields of the Badlands and begun our search for Eddington. [Bridge] (Sisko walks around the various stations.) Check the status of torpedoes three and four. We have an energy variance reading on the plasma warheads. Transfer power Phaser banks charged. Locked. Yes, sir. Two class five intelligence drones. Their defence systems were recently upgraded by the Cardassians. Quatal has a lucrative mining operation and their weapon systems are in the process of being upgraded, but they're not fully operational. A tactic Eddington knows well. Panora is a more logical target than Quatal. Sir? Targeting sequence online. (The two ships split up.) At maximum. (BOOM) Targeting scanners synchronised. Initialising tractor beam. Aligning induction field. Yes, sir, but The extra mass of the cargo pods will make the torpedo less effective. Maquis Raiders are small and manoeuvrable. Set torpedo targets to fifty kilometres above ground level. Lock. Ready, Captain. Detach safeties on torpedoes one and two. Aye, sir. (Two lights impact the atmosphere, and it starts turning yellow.) Unlock safeties on torpedoes three and four.
I was going to tell you. A Klingon warrior does not have to explain why he chooses to face danger, not even to his par'machkai. You are capable of anything. Then you came to wish me a good death in battle. My Klingon operas. You have a tendency to misplace things. Yes. What about Garak? At the first sign of betrayal, I will kill him. But I promise to return the body intact. We'll see. [Runabout] You want me to sponsor your application to Starfleet Academy? I think it is a bad idea. Find someone else. You are not just a Cardassian. You are a spy, an assassin and a saboteur. If that is how you feel, I will consider your request. Do not play games with me. You have no desire to join Starfleet, do you? Then why all of this deception? Practise on someone else. Good. [Replimat] We can go no further. My readings indicate the source of that coded signal is deep in Dominion space. I have strict orders to avoid unnecessary risk. We must turn back. True. But the likelihood of contact will increase from this point on, and my orders were very clear. I am also a Starfleet officer. Our shields would be useless in that nebula. You use that word, but you have no idea what it means. Setting course for the nebula. (Into the big purple thing.) Bringing her to zero three one mark three five five. Whatever they are, they are coming straight at us. (Oops, it's a Jem'Hadar fleet.) I know that. We must warn the station. There is only one reason for the Dominion to hide such a large fleet this close to the wormhole. I'm certain of it. We've got to get clear of the nebula. They have us in a tractor beam. Let him go. General Martok. (Martok gets thrown. He gets up and hits a light then carries on being pummelled.) I am Worf, son of Mogh. Not when there are still enemies to fight. What is wrong with him? Then it is up to us to be clever. Who? If the blood screenings can be trusted. You are not to blame. We must escape and warn Captain Sisko before that changeling carries out his mission. [Ops] Then I suggest we find a way out of here. Captain's log, supplemental. A full scale Dominion invasion appears imminent. Still, I remain confident in my crew's ability to face this crisis as they have so many others, with dedication and with courage. [Ops]
We must warn the station. There is only one reason for the Dominion to hide such a large fleet this close to the wormhole. General Martok. The transmitter Tain used to contact the station. Where is it? (Bashir gets a piece of metal from under Tain's bunk and uses it as a key to open a lower section of the wall.) How did he operate it? Could the coordinates and the message be changed? We could activate the transporter and beam ourselves onto the ship. Who is that? Close to an hour. I am ready. So have I. (Worf, Martok and the Jem'Hadar leave.) I thought I would be fighting Ikat'ika. He has much to answer for. Was that the best you have to offer? I'll be waiting! [Barracks] They will heal. I will fight. Then I will die. But I will not yield. Much better. It's coming from inside the wall. Then one of us will have to finish reconfiguring the transmitter. Heroes of legends don't ache so much. Right now, the only part of the song that I wish to hear is the verse that tells of our escape. What good is defeating every Jem'Hadar soldier in this compound if it does not bring us closer to our freedom? It takes a brave man to face them. [Infirmary] First they demand we come out here, then they make us wait. Is there no Jem'Hadar willing to face me? Where is he? Today is a good day to die. [Barracks] (The lady Romulan is keeping a lookout, as the Breen sits and Bashir worries.) [Crawlspace] I will not yield. It is not over. Garak, you did well. Intact.
I do not like doctors. Any doctors.
Commander. Jadzia. You asked to be told when the sensor array became available. You can begin your experiment at any time. You are not talking, you are gossiping. And besides, Odo is capable of taking care of himself. Constable.
Chief, my schedule shows you were supposed to begin modifying the deflector array aboard the Defiant today. To care for your son. Chief, I need to What is the matter? I never saw my son when he was this age. It is something I will always regret. You are a fortunate man. Chief. Chief? (O'Brien is asleep.) [Captain's office]
Your father? Ghemor is a Cardassian. Cardassian politics are very complex. Major Kira, friends with a Cardassian. It seems wrong. A Jem'Hadar battleship is approaching the station.
I am well aware of station rules, but General Martok is a great warrior and he has no business being in a holding cell. That was a disciplinary measure. Besides, K'retok was not injured. He was barely shaken up. But he did miss her. Understood. (Worf leaves.)
Check it now. Have you initialised the interface program? Very well. We'll start over. Go to the Engine Room and download the operating system into the computer core, but this time do it one file at a time. (Nog mimes throttling Worf.) General. I did not expect you until twenty two hundred hours. Of course. May glory and honour follow you on your journey. How is the shoulder? Few humans would. However, I do apologise again for the inconvenience. I did not intend to cause so much damage. Can you discuss the mission? It is possible she was destroyed by the Dominion. The Jem'Hadar attacked a Federation starship near the border less than a week ago. It must be an exciting prospect. I envy you the days ahead. It will be a glorious adventure. It is a great honour to be asked to serve under General Martok. And he saved my life in the Dominion prison camp. It was a personal matter, not something that belongs in an official report. You know that I was forced to fight the Jem'Hadar guards in the camp. Each day they would call me to the ring and each day I would fight. But, then there came a day when I wavered. No. I mean I considered letting them kill me. It seemed like the only way out. Just before I went into the ring, Martok turned to wish me success and then he saw what I was planning. He saw it in my eyes. It was a moment of tova'dok. There is no human word for it. It is a moment of clarity between two warriors on the field of battle. Much is said without the need for words. In that moment, he knew what was in my mind. Once I realised that he saw my intention to give up, I could no longer go through with it. I went back into the ring and fought once more. He had given me his warrior's heart. Perhaps it is something a human cannot understand. Thank you, sir. Q'apla! [Quark's] Officially, there is no House of Mogh in the Empire, so I saw little point in wearing its emblem on a Klingon ship. How they feel is unimportant. All I require from them is obedience. DAX Spoken like an uncaring, hard-nosed, autocrat. The quintessential First Officer. I do not wish to have a lengthy goodbye. Good. (Worf enters the airlock, Jadzia follows.) Jadzia. I think it would be better to part company here on the station. What? Why did you not tell me? I am Worf, son of Mogh. I now take my place as First Officer. I serve the Captain, but I stand for the crew. Who brings the record of battle for this ship? (The young Klingon gets nudged by Tavana.) I do not need help recognising a list of failures. It is clear to me that none of you are worthy of my blood or my life. But I will stand for you and together we will restore honour to this ship and bring glory to the Empire. (Martok enters.) I have accepted the crew's battle records, and on their behalf I pledge you our lives and ask you that you lead us as commander of this ship. Clear all moorings. Release docking clamps. Bow thrusters ahead one half. Helmsman, plot a direct course to the last known position of the B'Moth, maximum warp. General, that will add a full day to our journey. Then carry out your orders and lay in the course. Maximum warp. Qoy qeylIs puqloD. (Dax joins in) Qoy puqbe'pu'. yoHbogh matlhbogh je SuvwI' (Dax hits Leskit to join in.) We should remember that the Rotarran has been beaten again and again by the Jem'Hadar. It is not surprising that crew morale has suffered. They need a victory. One decisive battle against the Jem'Hadar would do much to lift their spirits. They will be ready. I will see to that. Sir, we have them in our sights. They cannot escape But letting the ship go Our orders are to find the B'Moth, not seek combat. It was a prudent decision. Enough. You may be my parMach'kai, but that does not give you the right What do you mean, dangerous? I am simply trying to point out that we had an opportunity to destroy an enemy ship with little risk to ourselves. No. You have my full support, General. Dax. Dax! What happened? Are you all right? Why? I do not understand. Do not speak of the Captain in that manner, not while I am First Officer. It will not come to that. I know Martok. He is a great man. He will not fail us, but we must give him time. Location? Helm, alter course to zero five five mark three four two. I will inform the General. Engineer, you have the bridge. (Worf leaves.) Since we do not know any details of the battles it is difficult to speculate. There could be many explanations. The B'Moth could have inflicted heavy damage on the Jem'Hadar vessels, forcing them to withdraw. The Jem'Hadar ships could have been recalled during With all due respect, General, we do not know the tactical situation of the B'Moth yet. We should guard against making any premature judgements. On screen. (The static clears to show a heavily damaged ship.) Helm, lay in a course to bring us alongside. Assemble an armed boarding party in transporter room one. Make a complete search of all the habitable areas General, if they are nearby, they do not care what side of the border we are on. They will simply attack. I am certain the Council will not object under these circumstances. There are survivors still aboard the B'Moth. And if they are not? They are Klingon warriors, we just cannot Stations! Stations! No. The only thing I can do. Challenge Martok for command of this ship. I know. But if the General will not step aside I will have to kill him. (Later, Kornan and Leskit are talking quietly. Tavana takes out her disruptor pistol and puts it on her console, ready. Kornan and Leskit approach Worf.) That is not your decision. I shed no tears for your dishonour, Leskit. Unlikely. Alert status one. All hands to battle stations. We are going to rescue the B'Moth survivors. (Martok enters.) As First Officer, I say that you are unfit to serve as Captain. You are a coward and I challenge you for command of this ship. Wait. General. You did the same for me once. I did not know. Yes. Jadzia calls it a sentimental gesture.
What kind of readings? Sir, we are being hailed from the surface. There are several scattered settlements across the southern peninsula. I am reading approximately eight thousand inhabitants. They appear to be human. I am. Only when I am angry. Did anybody ever try to send out a distress signal? But if we do that, your timeline will collapse and everything here will cease to exist. If your plan is to work, we must do the same. The captain asked me to make a survey of the settlement's infrastructure so we can leave behind the appropriate supplies. Who? Q'apla. You are my descendents. I look forward to it. It is for the best. They are children. They would not understand. That is not the only reason we are going back. Do not blame yourself, Major. I understand. This is not a time for celebration. Join me. There is something I wish to say. It is a great honour to know that my legacy has thrived on your world for so long. I can see the Klingon heart beats strong here. Perhaps he will yet. I will come to you tomorrow and do what you ask. [Kira's gravesite] All Major Kira is saying is our families will survive no matter what we do. The colonists will not. If she is willing to sacrifice her life to save them, I am willing to remain here. And you are afraid to face your destiny. By sunset this will all be gone. They are attempting to plant their fields before the sun sets. Time is their enemy. We should help them defeat it. We are breaking orbit.
We spent over fifty hours searching the Badlands for signs of the Maquis missiles, without success. We need more information, a way to narrow our search.
What was that? The Klingon restaurant?
Thank you, sir. Goodnight. (Now it's just Jake and Nog.)
The Romulans! I always knew they were without honour. Now they have proven it. It must stop. How many reinforcements will they be sending us? Sir, as Strategic Operations Officer, I cannot guarantee the safety of this station if a Dominion fleet attacks. That is not for us to decide. What are our orders, Captain? The Defiant will be unable to raise shields or cloak while deploying the mines. She will be an easy target. How soon? Aye, sir. (Worf leaves.) Someone is jamming his transmission. The Dominion fleet should be in weapons range in twenty minutes. Aye, sir. (The station sprouts offensive nodules. Kira arrives on the turbolift.) Got them. (KaBOOM! KaBOOM! KaBOOM!) [Jem'Hadar battleship] Switching to auxiliary power. But I do not know how long it will hold. (BOOM! We have our first 'dead' extras in Ops.) What are your orders, Captain? Jadzia. You should be on the Defiant. It might be some time before we see each other again. This is war. We must put aside our personal feelings and focus on the task at hand. Yes? Yes to what? Yes. Yes it is.
It must stop. What are your orders, Captain? It might be some time before we see each other again. It can wait. It is about our wedding. You have scheduled the ritual sacrifice of the targ to occur after the wedding feast has been served. We agreed it would be a traditional ceremony. As it should be.
Jadzia, there is just one more thing When we exchange vows, you must remember to present your d'k tahg to General Martok as a formal request for him to accept you into our House. What? If you refuse, it will be a grave dishonour. General Martok will not understand. So you will join our House? I can see our lives together will not be easy. General, I've just received word the reinforcements from the Vor'nak are here. Five. General Tanas could only give us five. Who offers their life for the Empire? Alexander. Yih-Ghom-HAH! (The new crew file out.) He is my son. [Quark's cafe] You sent for me, General. The last three convoys that were sent there were destroyed by the Jem'Hadar. How many ships will form the escort? By the time we join the convoy, they will have the reflexes of a Norpin falcon. It is a difficult subject to discuss. Alexander and I were never close. His mother was only half-Klingon and was disdainful of our ways. No, General. She was killed when he was very young. He spent a short time with me aboard the Enterprise, but after that I sent him to live with my foster parents on Earth. He showed no interest in becoming a warrior. It was difficult, but I learned to accept it and, in time, encouraged him to follow his own path. I do not know. I have not spoken with him. General, I prefer to handle this my own way. Enter. You have grown. How are your grandparents? Do they know you are here? I know we have not seen each other for some time, but let us talk as father and son. Serving the Empire was not one of your priorities when last we spoke. Did you think enlisting would please me? Stop pretending to be a warrior. We both know you do not belong here. You heard what I expect from the rest of the crew. Twice that I expect from you. Do we understand each other? You may go. [Dukat's quarters] (Best china and crystal for dinner.) Enough. (Ch'Targh struggles so Worf knocks him down.) You will both report to the medical ward immediately. And when they have finished with you, you will remain in quarters until your next watch. The rest of you, back to your stations. Now! You heard about the fight in the mess hall. You think I acted improperly. Alexander was no match for Ch'Targh. He would have killed the boy. Reroute primary sensors to weapons control. At us or the convoy? Reinitialise primary sensors. Of course it is gone. You forgot to erase the battle simulation programme from the sensor display. They have accepted him as the ship's fool. [Wardroom] (Dukat is enjoying the sound of his own voice to an audience of Bajoran and Cardassian officials.) This is a kar'takin, a weapon favoured by the Jem'Hadar. Defend yourself. (A straight blade on a short pole, like a pike. Alexander is using a bat'leth.) No, that is not the proper grip. The thumbs must be opposed so that twisting motions will not Then proceed. (The metal clashes.) No. Do not try to shove my blade away. Deflect it and then use your momentum to counter. Then do it. (Another clash.) No. Do not try to fight force with force. You will lose every time. ((Alexander's bat'leth goes flying across the room.) What did I tell you? Well, pick it up! If you had kept practicing what I taught you when you were a boy this would be second nature to you by now. (Alexander swings at Worf, and they go at it briefly before Alexander is disarmed again.) What is wrong with you? Like what? Alexander We are not playing in holosuites now. This is war. The Jem'Hadar will cut you to pieces. You are fortunate that I am your father. If you had challenged anyone else in that manner, you would be dead right now. Alexander, I do not want to hurt you. I want to help you. I am a Klingon warrior. I lead a warrior's life. That is not the path for you. You told me this yourself. And I have come to accept it. The one shooting at us! Go. (Alexander and Ch'Targh leave.) Course laid in. Captain. Permission to leave the bridge. Report. Where's my son? You locked yourself in? Come. [Corridor] I cannot change the mistakes I have made, but from this day forward, I promise will stand with you. Yes, we will. What you are about to do entails a grave obligation. Do not accept it lightly. Good. I will teach you what you need to know to be a warrior, and you will teach me what I need to know to be a father. Come. [Rotarran Ready room] (Lots of big fat candles. Martok takes his House insignia from a box and puts it into a bowl.) Alexander, vih-nob dok-tog. (Alexander offers Martok his dagger. Martok uses it to draw blood from his own palm, then mixes it with oil in the bowl and sets fire to it.)
Has there been any news, sir? The Defiant has been gone over sixteen hours. Yes, sir. But I sense it is more difficult for you. The Defiant is your ship. No, I suppose not. Thank you, sir. Captain, you should get some rest.
Well done, Captain. You were a very effective decoy. I will be waiting. They're not interrogating you, Mister Garak, they are debriefing. There is a difference. Any small detail could prove extremely important. We agree, Captain. Chancellor Gowron does not. He believes it would leave the Empire vulnerable. General, perhaps you should return to Kronos and make your plea in person. The Chancellor has great respect for you. If you cannot persuade him, no one can. No. The Chancellor no longer considers me a friend. And you shall have them. [Quark's]
Captain, I am sorry we were late. It was not easy to convince Chancellor Gowron to spare us any ships.
He did. The Ya'Vang? No, not for me. (Alexander leaves the table with Dax's mug.) What do you want? We are not getting married in this bar. The ceremony will take place on the Klingon homeworld after the war. Wait. I thought we had agreed. Our wedding plans have changed. We are getting married here on Deep Space Nine. And I want you to be my Tawi'Yan. Thank you for coming. As you probably know by now, Jadzia and I will be married here on the station in six days. By tradition, the Klingon man spends the four nights before his wedding on a mental and spiritual journey. It is called Kal'Hyah, the path of clarity. And he is accompanied by his closest male friends. It is a similar ritual. We will meet in the holosuite tomorrow night at twenty one hundred hours. Are these real var'Hama candles? I was just asking. I meant no disrespect. You never told me that your wife was opposed to this marriage. That is a prejudiced, xenophobic view. Jadzia is worthy. You should say that to Sirella. Perhaps I should speak with her. Coming from me, it would not seem like a challenge to her authority. Why? Me. How comforting. These are Ma'Stakas. (Worf hands out staves with big balls on the end.) The tradition dates back to the wedding of Kahless and Lukara, who were nearly killed by Molor's troops moments after they were married. Until the ceremony, you should keep them with you at all times. The food is not to be eaten. It is here to tempt us into breaking our fast. There are six trials we must face on the path to Kal'Hyah. This is the first, deprivation. We now begin a fast that will continue until the day of the wedding. Blood, pain, sacrifice, anguish and death. It is time to begin. [Quark's] (The bar is being redecorated Klingon-style and the breakables removed) As you wish. Now begins the trial of blood. Who will be the first? (Sisko, O'Brien and Alexander all take one step back to leave someone who is almost asleep on his feet.) I did not expect it to be you, Doctor. Do not worry. The pain will last for only a moment. [Dax's quarters] (Party time with a Samoan band and fire-dancer. He's superb.) Jadzia, we need to (Dax gestures shush and sips her coffee.) I am concerned. We have a very serious problem. Sirella has cancelled the wedding. She said you attacked her. You are forbidden to join the House of Martok. (Dax gets into bed.) I cannot believe how you're taking this so lightly. What? We must deal with the situation now. You must go to Sirella and beg her forgiveness. You are allowing your pride blind you. This is about more than just tradition. You and I have embarked on a spiritual journey, one that will bind us together through this life and into the next. You cannot turn back now. If that is your attitude, perhaps Sirella was right about you. There should be no wedding. Enter. Perhaps. Of course. However, in this case, that may not be enough. Anyone can see that we are hopelessly mismatched. She is a Trill, I am a Klingon. She has had five marriages, this would be my first. When she is laughing, I am sombre. When I am happy, she is crying. She plays tongo with the Ferengi bartender. I can barely stand him. She mocks everything, while I take everything seriously. She is nothing like the woman I thought I would marry. She refused to not change her mind. The wedding is still off. (The decorations start to come down again.) In her quarters. I am alone. Yes. I swear.
Tell me what? And that is all it is, a story. It was well told but there was no truth to any of it. You want us to believe that you stole a mek'leth from a Klingon warrior. Obviously Bareil is a better thief than I gave him credit for. More bloodwine. Your guilt is quite clear, Doctor. I never doubted it. They report no Dominion activity along the border.
It is not a laughing matter. If people like them are allowed to compete freely, then parents would feel pressured to have their children enhanced so that they could keep up. Exactly. Well, you are an exception. Perhaps I should not have said anything.
It will take twelve hours just to arrive at the coordinates where the Honshu was destroyed. Prepare for immediate departure. Understood. Defiant. [Cavern] (There's a camp fire. Dukat hypo's Sisko awake.) Bridge to transporter room. [Cavern] What is it? Our rescue effort has been delayed. If we could just have a few more hours? (It's a bad connection to DS9.) We all know what Major Kira's orders were. It would be dishonourable to ignore them. You may leave the bridge, Doctor. (Bashir leaves.) Helm, lay in a course for the third planet. Plot a course out of the system, full impulse. Once we've cleared the outer planets, head for the rendezvous coordinates, maximum warp.
Morn was an excellent sparring partner. I will miss our weekly combat in the holosuites. I did not realise he was such a close friend. Morn? What do you mean, he wasn't interested? Jadzia.
The data collected here could provide Starfleet with the key to creating transwarp corridors through space. It could give us a substantial tactical advantage over the Dominion. I do not see what is so humourous about being small. It is an ancient Klingon tradition to commemorate an important event with a poem. Jadzia asked me to compose one for this occasion. They are getting smaller. The Jem'Hadar are coming around for another pass. Phasers are offline. (Boom!) Aye, sir. I should have foreseen this. I should have sent out reconnaissance probes to scan for enemy ships. Or a shuttle. Or recalibrated our sensors. If I had, Jadzia I do not need him to tell me anything. I cannot access the autodestruct system without drawing attention. Understood. [Runabout Rubicon] (They are hovering by the Bridge door control panel) Yes. Bloodwine. It is not finished yet. All right. But it is my first poem. And I have worked very hard and very long on this. And I do not wish to be ridiculed. Very well. (declaims) This is the story of a little ship that took a little trip. What do you think?
Hear the game last night? (Benny starts up from his stool and knocks over a passerby.)
Major, there is something wrong with the turbolift. I do not understand why his staff cannot keep the station running in his absence.
She has him. Not for long. Jadzia is playing a very deep game. Her strategy will become apparent any moment now. No. But I have developed a new appreciation for it. Since I married a tongo player. But one thing I am certain about, she will defeat the Ferengi bartender. Would you care to make a wager on the outcome? If you are afraid, I One bottle of bloodwine against one bottle of scotch whiskey. Eshta, par'machkai. I like my bloodwine very young and very sweet. [Quark's] I will need some time. It is of no consequence. I would rather lose a bet on you than win on someone else. I was planning to. Why? We should be done by sixteen hundred. What were you saying? Worf here. We're on our way. (Jadzia rolls over.) Jadzia, get up. No? I thought you always wanted to see the Forge. Well, there's a mountain climbing expedition on Andor that caught my attention. All right, what do you want? Room service? Risa. You have been planning this all along. Very well. Room service. Really. Did you want to fight over it? Surrender? Very bad. What is wrong with that? I'm a married man. I have to make certain adjustments to my lifestyle. I have a sense of humour. On the Enterprise, I was considered to be quite amusing. That is a joke. I get it. It is not funny, but I get it. Your problem is you cannot accept change. That is correct. Yes, but you are still very set in your ways. Well, I do not have to sleep on the same side of the bed every night, or brush my hair exactly fifty strokes every night, or eat the same thing for breakfast every day, or read the last page of a book before the beginning, or lift up the It is not easy. That was a joke. A very sophisticated encryption matrix. I am Commander Worf, this is Commander Dax. Starfleet Intelligence has sent us here to receive your transmission. What is it you want? Very well. We will relay your message to Starfleet Intelligence and they will arrange to bring you out. Soukara is inside Dominion controlled space. It will not be easy to make a rendezvous near that planet without being detected. We will need time to study these plans. We will be there. We are approaching the Soukara system. There is an asteroid field directly ahead. No. Unless you think you should? By all means. Most impressive. We are being scanned from the surface. I do not think so. Agreed. (They land by the light of a moon.) We have less than two days to reach the rendezvous point Do not underestimate the task ahead. We still have to penetrate the sensor grid and avoid the Dominion patrols. Ready? Twenty five joules. Done. Dominion encryption lockouts are bypassed, tricorder linked to their sensor grid, lifesigns masked. Nicely done. Of course, our tricorders will be useless from now on. I am not complaining. I look forward to walking through the jungle without a map and no idea of what lies ahead. Thank you. Almost. More pain, less cold. Five hundred metres that way. (Another howl.) Less than three hundred metres. (Pair of howls.) When I was a boy, my father used to take my brother and me on camping trips in the Ural mountains. Every night we would listen to the wolves howling in the distance. Nikolai was afraid of them, but I would lay in my tent for hours just listening. I remember being seized by the urge to just strip off my clothes and run into the night to live in the forest and become something wild. Yes, but it's because something is coming. And it is close. (They throw everything behind a fallen tree trunk and take cover. Three Jem'Hadar enter the clearing. Dax shoots the first and Worf the second, shots are exchanged then Worf throws his mek'leth to kill the third.) Jadzia? (Dax has been hit in the abdomen. She is whimpering in pain.) Lie still. No vital organs were damaged. The disruptor burst left an anti-coagulant in your system. No. Moving could make the bleeding worse. Ready. We are still twelve kilometres from the rendezvous point. Your blood pressure has dropped another twenty percent. Your bandage will need to be changed soon. This is no joking matter. You are seriously injured and we have a great deal of terrain to cover. This is neither the time nor the place. That was a mistake. It means if I had not been joking with you, I would not have allowed the Jem'Hadar to get so close. No. It is mine. I was trying to be something I am not. By letting down my guard, by ignoring my duty, I allowed my wife to be injured and I put the entire mission in jeopardy. It will not happen again. I do not wish to debate this. We have a long way to go and very little time. Ready? (Near a waterfall they clamber over a fallen tree, and she collapses in pain.) I have to change your dressing. Jadzia, I know you are tired, but we have to cover three kilometres before nightfall. Can you do it? When this mission is over, I will smile all you want. I promise. There has been another drop in your blood pressure and your neural EDL readings are erratic. Surgery. At a Starbase. My duty requires that I complete the mission regardless of my personal feelings. The information Lasaran has could be potentially invaluable to the war effort. I will be back tomorrow night. I can have you in the stasis chamber on the runabout in forty five hours. I will leave the medkit. Scan yourself with the tricorder every half hour. The plasma hypospray will be set Yes. Jadzia, I just want to tell you how She is still in surgery, but Doctor Bashir is hopeful she will make a full recovery. Yes. Yes. Yes. You may not understand. You were at my wedding. You heard the story of the first two Klingon hearts and how nothing could stand against them, and how they even destroyed the gods that created them. I have heard that story since I was a boy but I never understood it, I mean really understood it, until I was standing in the jungle with my heart pounding in my chest and I found that even I could not stand against my own heart. I had to go back and it did not matter what Starfleet thought or what the consequences were. She was my wife and I could not leave her. I understand. We have met. No. I could not leave you there. Not for Lasaran, not for the mission, not for anything else. Dead. I have been in trouble before. You have nothing to be sorry about. You come first. Before career, before duty, before anything. I do not regret what I did. And I would do it again. You could say, thank you for saving my life. And you could say, I would do the same for you, Worf. And you could say I love you. And I love you. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
We are not having another party. I can see it now. Two hundred people jammed into our quarters, eating, drinking, laughing. When do you want to have this party? What kind of theme? Good.
Where's the captain? You have run out of excuses, Doctor.
No. They believed Calandra was too far from the Dominion supply lines to be a threat. Sections fifty two Baker through sixty two Baker have been secured. I have posted armed guards at every entry points and I have personally scanned all compartments for signs of surveillance equipment. Aye, sir. Captain, we just received word from Starfleet Intelligence that a Romulan shuttlecraft carrying a high ranking senator has just been destroyed. Senator Vreenak. He was returning to Romulus from a diplomatic mission to Soukara when his shuttle exploded. The Tal Shiar are investigating, but preliminary report points to sabotage. They believe that the Dominion is responsible. That changes everything. It could even bring the Romulans into the war.
I prefer Klingon opera. Harvey? How did you know we were married? I still prefer Klingon operas.
Ops to Captain Sisko. We just received a communication from Bajor. [Ops] Aye, Sir.
That location is inside Dominion held space. The Valiant was reported lost over eight months ago. It could be a Dominion ruse to lure us into their territory.
I cannot think of any. There are no reports of Dominion activity anywhere near that sector.
And what exactly is this infant doing in my home? I thought you said you were going to be working tonight. Me. Jadzia, you have been waiting for this comet to come into sensor range for weeks. Go. I will take care of Yoshi. I raised Alexander. I know. Five as a mother, four as a father. I can handle a fourteen month old child. Fine. Go run your sensor scans. (Worf picks up Yoshi and sits on the couch. Yoshi cries.) Leave us. AbomBhay mish! AbomBhay mish! [Cargo bay] (A clean and tidy Molly wakes up on a blanket next to a rock. She sits up and looks round the rock to see) He is fine. He just will not go to sleep. I changed him. I fed him. I read him a story. Until my throat was raw. That is not necessary. No. I am a Klingon warrior and a Starfleet officer. I have piloted starships through Dominion minefields. I have stood in battle against Kelvans twice my size. I courted and won the heart of the magnificent Jadzia Dax. If I can do these things, I can make this child go to sleep. It is not important to me. It is important to you. You are judging me on my fitness to be a parent. Don't deny it, Jadzia. I can see it in your eyes. I have proven myself to be a worthy husband to you, but you are not convinced I would be a good parent to your children. Go to sleep. I have work to do. [Cargo bay] (Molly is sleeping in the tree and Miles is sleeping on a couch when Keiko comes in.) Waq Kor do goH Ya. Gung gung gung. I was instructing your son in hehh DUHPP. It's a Klingon exercise designed to teach children hand eye coordination, so they will grow to become warriors. He acquitted himself well. We were playing. I was pretending to be a grint hound and chased him. He was laughing so hard he did not look to see where he was going and fell against the edge of the table. I was too rough with him. I was careless. You were right to question my fitness as a father. I failed Alexander, I failed Kirayoshi, and I would have failed our children as well. I should not be here when he wakes up. Jadzia, I'm sorry I've failed to prove myself to you. [O'Brien's quarters] Did you apologise to them for me? What did you tell them? Why do you ask? He did? That is between Yoshi and me. Or as you thought. Holosuite? And insult the O'Briens? He really said gung gung gung?
Worf to Captain Sisko. Sir, can you come to the bridge? We have picked up a distress call. Acknowledged. Good luck, Captain.
We were talking. It is a private matter. It was a private matter. Acknowledged. (Worf leaves.) General, you must try to remain calm. The Dominion breed Jem'Hadar faster than we can destroy them. The Sisko is of Bajor. [Wardroom] The Sisko is of Bajor. According to Doctor Bashir, we need all the help we can get. I don't consider that work. You are. In here. That will not matter to the Jem'Hadar. And buying time to get their weapon platforms operational. We are unable to penetrate their forcefields. Target locked. We are unable to penetrate the moon's defensive grid. It is worth a try. Save your strength. neH taH Kronos. Hegh bat'lhqu Hoch nej maH. neH taH Kronos. yay je bat'lh manob Hegh. [Cargo bay] (Alone with the flag draped torpedo casing.)
Is that the reason you joined Starfleet, Ensign? To be safe? In wartime, it is the duty of every soldier fight. The invasion of Cardassia has ground to a halt while our casualties continue to mount. It is a time for warriors to do great deeds, to triumph in glorious battle, not waste away protecting a shipment of stembolts. (Worf leaves.) Convoy duty. It was not. Sing the song. Sing the song. You are a hologram. You are programmed to do as I say. Sing the song. Sing! Chief. Why? None that are clean. Very smooth. Good night, Chief. I enjoyed it. About what? Who can forget him?  The Three Musketeers. I don't. How dangerous? In that case, you have found your first officer. I will make sure of it. [Sisko's restaurant - alley] (Taking out the trash.)
How dangerous? Jadzia Dax Vond Shoo vwee Dun Mahh kekh HuhKo Vahm Jeh Yin Moj Mah Mukh. Sto-vo-kor Pah Dahkh tin Baht leh el eegh cha yay moj. (Worf is about to cut his palm when Quark enters.) YuWee modge. Baht leh modge. Yay Dodge. (Worf cuts his palm and places it on the bulkhead between the candles.) [Runabout] (Ezri is having to be treated with a hypo.) We are going to fly toward the molten heart of the sun, so close that our ship will glow like a flaming comet. It will be a glorious firestorm that will illuminate the gates of Sto-vo-kor itself and provide a fitting welcome for Jadzia. Be quiet. Why should I feel any gratitude toward you? I owe you nothing. You are not here to help Jadzia get into Sto-vo-kor. You are here because you wish to convince yourselves that you were worthy of her. But the truth is, none of you could ever hope to be worthy of her or even understand the kind of woman she was. It is you who should be thanking me, Ferengi, for allowing you to come on this mission and pay honour to her memory. [Desert] That is not what I am saying. With you, it is different. You are a Klingon and Jadzia was a member of your House. No, no, it does not. I wish to apologize. I know Jadzia meant a great deal to all of you, and you meant a great deal to her. Many times, when we discussed our day, she would repeat something amusing that you had told her, or describe in endless details the intricacies of some new scheme of yours. She often talked about all of you. It seemed as though that even when we were alone, one of you was always with us. She was my wife, my par'machkai. I did not like having to share her affections. I wanted it to be my gift to her. There is nothing more to say. Except that I am pleased you're here. Perfect. [Desert] (Dig, dig, thunk!) We have to get closer. Much closer. Fire! (Energy streaks from the ship's belly to the sun's surface.) No. Not until we complete our mission. It is everything I hoped for. Full impulse. (The bird of prey flees ahead of the solar ejection which takes out the Jem'Hadar and then the shipyard.) Lohm Ict lihj. posh Machh lodge Sto-vo-kor Jadzia Dax pailodge pah dock Lih Dun. Shoo vwee vahm baht leh paolodge. Pailodge Poh Hokh Vahd Sto-vo-kor. [Bajoran bridge] Welcome back, Captain. Dax? It cannot be.
Ensign. What more is there to say? You are not Jadzia. Jadzia died and went to Sto-vo-kor. I do not know you. Nor do I wish to know you. [Guest quarters] We need to talk. Do not toy with me, Doctor. I know how you felt about Jadzia. I saw you with her. You know who I'm talking about. Stay away from her. If you dishonour Jadzia's memory, you will regret it. And that goes for you too, Ferengi. Enter. (It's O'Brien, bearing bloodwine.) Oh, no. Not again. He sent you? What do you wish to discuss? This has nothing to do with jealousy! I know that Doctor Bashir cared for Jadzia, but this woman is not Jadzia, and treating her as if she were dishonours her memory. It doesn't make sense. She is not Jadzia, yet she is. How can I honour the memory of the woman I loved when she is not really dead? There's no way to know. May I come in? I understand that you are leaving in the morning. I am not certain that I have treated you the way that Jadzia would have wanted. I loved her with all my heart. Part of me is glad to know that she is not gone forever. But in some ways it would be easier if she were. I have heard that the Captain offered you a position as station counsellor. I would not want you to decline on my account. Do you wish to stay? Then do. Jadzia would not have wanted you to leave because of me. It will be a long time before I can accept what has happened. Until then
We will destroy them. What if there is a runner at home? Fly. The term for a batted ball while it is in the air. Very nice. If he is taking the time to conduct reconnaissance, he must be worried. It is a dishonourable motive. Death to the opposition. Time. Do not rush me. What? What are you talking about? That ball was at least half a metre! How could you call it a strike! Reverse the call! Reverse the call! That was clearly outside. The outside corner? Find him and kill him!
I do not know, General. But I promise you I will find out. [Dominion briefing room] You authorised their removal. That is your authorisation code, is it not? Not exactly. Ensign Nog returned from his trip with sixteen cases of twenty three oh nine. A very good year. We will keep that in mind.
You are both wrong. The only real question is whether you believe in the legend of Davy Crockett or not. If you do, then there should be no doubt in your mind that he died the death of a hero. If you do not believe in the legend, then he was just a man and it does not matter how he died. (Worf leaves.) Enter. Kor? I welcome you to my home. May I offer you some refreshment? She died a warrior. Sit. I have been fortunate. I will try. And does the war go well for you, Kor? But you are Kor, a Dahar Master, the man who held the Korma Pass against T'nag. Your reputation alone should have assured you a command. Kor, the Dahar Master, came to see me last night. He has been unable to find a command and I Well, I had hoped that General, Kor is a friend and I have already I wish to speak with you about Kor. Now I know that you have strong feelings about this And I did not expect to be forbidden to speak with you on any subject. Have I become a shuVak to be ordered about like Darok? Kor came to see me, asking my help as a friend. He is an old man with no family and no influence left in the Empire. He asked nothing except for the chance to fight and die as a Klingon warrior. I told him I would speak with you about finding him a command in the fleet. But why? There is no blood feud between our Houses, and Kor has said he has not even met you. Why? I understand. But I must tell you that using my own authority, I appointed Kor an officer in the Ninth Fleet. I did not anticipate that Hello. General Martok will not give you a command. He says that you struck his name from an officers list because his family comes from the Ketha lowlands. It is an unworthy reason to bar a man from serving the Empire. He does not. No. You will serve aboard the Ch'Tang as Third Officer. You will report aboard at oh seven hundred. And stay out of Martok's way. The Ch'Tang. Aye, sir. Take your station. Have you settled on an attack plan for the starbase on Trelka Five? It is not the fault of the crew. They are not used to serving with a legendary figure like Kor. Reroute emergency power to the secondary shield emitters. Escape course. Now! Medical team to the bridge. The new personnel roster. I saw no other choice. A friend would not have put him in that position in the first place. I plan to speak with Chancellor Gowron to try and find Kor some assignment on the homeworld. The lead ship is using some kind of long range tachyon scanner to penetrate our cloaks. How many ships? How long before we are within their weapons range? If the Jem'Hadar could be forced to drop out of warp for only ten minutes, they would not have time to catch up with us before we rendezvous with the Defiant. We could disrupt their warp fields with an inverse graviton burst. It would force them to drop to impulse until the gravitons dissipated. A single bird of prey could do it by diverting warp power to the main deflector. If I could engage them in battle while they're still at impulse, that would delay them even longer. I know I could do it. The Orantho's Captain and First Officer are dead, and the Slivin's deflector is damaged. It cannot generate a graviton burst. And the Ning'tao's Captain is too young and inexperienced. I am the logical choice. I have thought about that. We could beam most of the crew over before I take command. I would only need six volunteers. Yes. As do I. Today was not my day to die. He surprised me outside the transporter room with a hypospray. He will succeed. He is Kor, the Dahar Master. (A little later.) Does it matter?
This is no time to be wandering the corridors. It is, but the Dominion is determined to take back their territory. The whole system's a battleground. AR five five eight has acknowledged your message. They are expecting you. Aye, sir. [Outside Base camp] (It's dark. Sisko, Bashir, Quark, Ezri and Nog beam down, all armed. Mostly very big rocks, and some technical equipment.) Sir, we're being attacked by two Jem'Hadar ships. We have locked on your coordinates. Are you ready for transport? [Base camp] Sir, we must beam you aboard now. We have to break orbit. [Base camp] Captain. The USS Veracruz has entered orbit. They are beaming down troop replacements and an engineering crew. Doctor Bashir is aboard the Veracruz with Nog and the rest of the wounded. They will be taken to a hospital on Starbase three seven one. This was a great victory. One worthy of story and song.
According to the Ops report, only one ship has left the station since last night. The morning transport to Bajor. Kira was not aboard. If the homing transponder was in place, up to three light years.
Interesting. My sinuses are clear for the first time in years. See if this Ferengi has any more of this beetle snuff. I will deal with the Intendant in my own way and in my own time. But first, I want that cloaking device! Think of it. With a fleet of cloaked ships I will be able to crush the rebellion once and for all. We will see. [Ferengi ship] (They arrive at the battle cruiser.) You. Come here. Your Regent needs you. (Worf hits the soldier. He falls flat on his back.) Nice fit. Is there a problem, Ferengi? Victory is finally in my grasp. I want this operational within the hour. Do we? She earned it. Having them bring us the cloaking device was her idea. Get rid of these two. Do not kill them just yet. You heard me. Lock them up. Excellent. It is time to test the cloaking device. And why is that? Then why is he not here? Really? I have never tried that before. What do you expect in return? I was planning on destroying that station. I will consider it. What is it? Ah. Are you certain you know how to operate the device? Do we have any further use for them? Then get rid of them. They have no idea that we are behind them. It is time. [Klingon holding cell] Drop the cloak. [Defiant Bridge] Fire! (The power goes off.) [Klingon holding cell] (The forcefield drops.) We must raise shields. What are your terms? Victory is yours. I have been betrayed. I knew I should have killed those two Ferengi the moment they came aboard. (Worf rips his chair out of the floor and throws it across the bridge.) [Klingon corridor]
It is late. You should be in your quarters. It is dangerous for you to be wandering the Promenade alone. There is a killer on the station. You have no right to endanger yourself this way. You are a fellow officer. I would have the same concern for Chief O'Brien or Doctor Bashir. Then we understand each other. How is the investigation coming? If I can assist you in any way? Why? Nevertheless, if he can help? Perhaps not, but I am certain that you will do whatever is necessary to complete your task. You are Dax. It is your way. [Ezri's quarters] (There's a bubbling cauldron of mud.)
That is in dispute. According to the other Klingon, he was reaching for his dagger. He should not have provoked them. According to the operations log, one of the airlocks was activated shortly after that. A Corvallen freighter was leaving at about the same time. He must have shadowed it to keep from being spotted. By fleeing, the changeling has demonstrated his guilt. He must be apprehended and brought to trial. Aye, sir.
They are usually more damaged because Klingon warships are relentless in pressing home their attack. The fight must be taken to the enemy. We cannot win this war if
I do not understand how you could feel such loyalty for a hologram. As a singer, I find him entertaining. But beyond that, I neither like him nor dislike him. He is a hologram, and therefore he does not exist.
Yes? Yes to what? Ezri. It is nothing. (Ezri helps him over to the co-pilot's seat.) You are alone. Why would Captain Sisko risk sending a runabout to look for me? Of course. (Ezri bends close to dab at the wound on his brow. Too close.) I will do it myself. I am realigning the inertial stabilisers. I want to make sure the systems are running at optimal efficiency. Quiet. Nothing. I did not sing. No. Gav'ot toh'va. As you said, the acoustics were favourable. No need to apologise. Though I would prefer we not discuss her. What about him? They were shorthanded. That was not my intention. My relationship with Alexander is not your concern. Perhaps we should not have a conversation. I did not ask you to come aboard the station. And I am beginning to regret it. Sensors are detecting two ships closing on our position. I'm dropping out of warp. We cannot outrun them. The Goralis system is nearby. We might be able to lose them there. Transfer auxiliary power to aft shields. (Bang!) I am taking us into the atmosphere. (Bang!) Their ships are not designed for sub-orbital flight. (Bang!) They are pulling away. We are losing altitude. We must abandon ship. (They grab phaser rifles and rucksacks from the floor compartment.) Energise. [Planet surface] (The runabout burns up and explodes in the night sky.) We may be here several days. I will reconnoiter the area. Set up a comm. link and try to contact the station. I thought you did. Now we have no way of contacting the station. Dinner. I have been eating field rations for six days. I am sick of field rations. I did not use a phaser. I used this. (a pointed stick.) It took me hours to track this animal. And while doing so, I could have easily been attacked by a predator myself. I killed it and now I am going to eat it. If you do not want any, then have some more field rations. Jadzia would have understood. I was merely making an observation. Have you been able to boost the comm. badge signal? Perhaps we should both refrain from making observations. Boday? The Gallamite? I see. If he talks so much, why would you have dinner with him? Tell me. Did Jadzia, did she and Boday? She did. I do not wish to hear your excuses. You had dinner with him. Both. You could make anyone crazy. Do not call me a coward. Perhaps you would rather be on the station with Captain Boday, you sli'vak. (Ezri swings at him, he grabs her arm and kisses her.) (Later, they are curled up together by the embers of the fire when footsteps alert them. Two Breen stun them.) [Breen cell] (Worf wakes up first.) Ezri? I am not certain. (He can't open the door.) Why would the Breen take us prisoner? We are not at war with them. You must have gotten hurt when they stunned us. You do not regret what happened last night, do you? Jadzia explained to me that joined Trill are not supposed to become involved with anyone they were intimate with in a previous life. We must be on a Breen ship. [Dominion briefing room]
Perhaps you would rather be on the station with Captain Boday. They will be feeding us soon. If we could position ourselves on both sides of the door, we might be able to disarm the first Breen that comes through. We must not give up. The first duty of every captured officer is to attempt escape. (The door opens. The first Breen points a weapon at Worf, the second throws tins to the pair.) They say no one has ever seen one and lived to speak of it. One thing is certain. They are dangerous. They do not tolerate incursions into their space. During the Second Empire, Chancellor Mow'ga sent a fleet of Klingon ships to conquer their homeworld, and they were never heard from again. We have been travelling for three days. We could be in Breen space by now. You are being humourous. Jadzia also used humour to lift her spirits. You are a lot like her. I thought that I had lost her forever, but you and I will have many years together. [Damar's bedroom] (An empty kanar bottle lies next to someone who is snoring whilst fully clothed.) Ezri! It is all right. You were having a bad dream. We're still aboard the Breen ship. Shh. It is over now. The Breen do not have claws. That is why it is best to ignore them. And? Doctor Bashir? Doctor Bashir is a Breen. This is ridiculous. Jadzia never talked about her dreams. Fight them! Sto'Vo'Kor! No! No! I will not dishonour her memory. Alexander! Ezri. An interrogation chamber. They used some kind of cortical implant to probe my memory. I do not know. I lost consciousness. I should have tried harder to resist them. These Breen are without honour. This is intolerable! They have us caged up like animals! A Klingon would rather die than be held captive! This is no time for your jokes! Shh. It's all right. I should not have trusted you with my heart. You dishonour me and yourself. How long have you had these feelings for him? Doctor Bashir! When the Breen brought you back, you spoke his name. Yes. You said that you loved him. Do not try to deny it. You are in love with him! Then why do you dream about him? I should have known. Jadzia had feelings for him as well.
This is intolerable! They have us caged up like animals! (A Breen enters. Worf goes for him and gets zapped multiple times.) I doubt that is what our captors had in mind. We must get back to the station and warn Starfleet about the Breen. And what? No. You lack the necessary strength. Ow. Wait, I've got it. Quiet. Are you hurt? It was an accident. If you would stop interfering and allow me to remove the pin, I would show you. Let me look at your head. You are right about that. I was seduced and betrayed. At least we agree on that point. You desired a physical relationship with me from the very start. That much was obvious. Considering how many men you have known, that is quite a statement. A few? I will keep that in mind. Leave me! You never listen There is no honour in self pity. Your motives for rescuing me were not honourable. Always the barb, always the joke. That was Jadzia, not you. You are trying to turn this around and make it about me. I have made my feelings clear back on Goralis Three. This night would be better spent preparing ourselves for the next life, instead of rehashing the mistakes of this one. (Later, Ezri is trying to sleep.) You are right. I said you are right. I do not love you as I loved Jadzia. I dishonoured myself. I know how often I use that word. Maybe too often. But in this case, it is appropriate. I realise Jadzia saw physical love very differently than I do. To her it could mean many things, but to me it is a deeply spiritual act. When I made love to you, my motives were not spiritual. It was an unworthy impulse. I believe you. And I do not hold any malice toward you or Doctor Bashir. And more. It appears all we have left to do is to be executed. Why should we trust you?
Captain. I'm afraid we have very little information to share with you, Captain. The Cardassians are a proud people, but the Dominion treats them like second class citizens. He is a child. I was talking about Doctor Bashir, and you know it. Are you certain he's the one? You deserve more than handsome. He gets excited playing with toys. I see it is hopeless to try to reason with you. If it will make you happy, yes. I know. They are wasting their time. No matter how much planning they do, there is no way that they can defend that mission against an enemy that numbers in the thousands. Not without more men. Ensign, no one is unstoppable. Collimate the nadion emitters. He plays with toys. With little figures. (Sisko enters.) The weapons array is online. Phasers are fully charged. Quantum torpedo launchers are loaded and standing by. Target locked. Target locked. Launchers one and two standing by. So are weapons. Use the manual extinguishers. We have hull breaches on decks three and four.
Chancellor. You have done well. Our people have come to see you as a saviour of the Empire. That is something Gowron cannot tolerate. He wants to be its saviour. His military experience is limited. He is not half the tactician you are. I am honoured to be part of your House. We must hold the line until the Federation and Romulan fleets become operational again. We need every ship we have to defend the border.
Worf here. On my way. [Captain's office] Doctor Bashir says he will make a full recovery. Gowron. He is a stubborn and arrogant man. I suspect the Chancellor cannot see anything at the moment except for one man. The Chancellor sees him as a political threat. These attacks against the Dominion are designed to humiliate the General in the eyes of the Empire. To force him to endure defeat after defeat. It would not be the first time that a Klingon Chancellor put his own interests ahead of the greater good. Agreed. And I do have a solution. But it will not be easy. Understood. [Damar's base] Gowron is leading us all to ruin. It is your duty to challenge him to protect the Empire. He is sacrificing our troops for his own petty reasons. Where is the honour in that? You are not listening. Kahless himself was not high-born. Your name is revered throughout the Empire. If you seize the leadership, every warrior from here to Kronos would swear an oath to you. And with that kind of support, the High Council will have no choice but to accept you as Chancellor. You know I am right. General. And in truth, I understand his position. It is the duty of every soldier to support their leaders in time of war. Asking Martok to stand against Gowron was a foolish error. Try to convince Gowron to discontinue these attacks. You have said very little. You are still a member of the House of Martok. The General and I talked about it weeks ago. He likes you. And he considers you an honourable woman, a worthy successor to Jadzia, and so do I. Sweet? No. Better, albeit a little obvious. Now, tell me what you think. Tell me. You are right. I do not like it. You are overstating your case. No. We cannot attack Sarpedion. You rule without wisdom and without honour. The warriors that are gathered here will not say this to you, but I will. You are squandering our ships and our lives on a petty act of vengeance. What I say now, I say as a member of the House of Martok, not a Starfleet officer. You have dishonoured yourself and the Empire and you are not worthy to lead the Council. Wait. Hear me. Hear me! What I have done was for the Empire. A new day must dawn for our people. I am not the man to usher in that day. But there is a man here who can. (Worf takes off the cloak.) Kahless said, 'Great men do not seek power, they have power thrust upon them'. (Worf puts the cloak on Martok.) Hail, Martok! Leader of the Empire! Leader of destiny. [Jem'Hadar bridge]
Doctor Bashir is regaining consciousness, Captain. Doctor, he is dead. Doctor.
He is an overgrown child and she is very confused. The shield generators have been completely reconfigured.
Not at all. Captain Sisko informed me that you would be joining us on the mission. I hope that when we reach Cardassia, we find Colonel Kira alive and well. Why should I be angry? I have been asking you to tell the doctor how you feel about him for the past month. I am happy for you. But I am going to kill him. And Jadzia said I did not have a sense of humour. Unable to lock target. (BOOM. Crewman down.) Shields are down to sixty percent. Transferring auxiliary power to port shields. Captain, the Dominion forces are retreating toward Cardassia Prime. Sir, phaser banks are fully charged, but we are down to forty five quantum torpedoes. If she dies before ordering the Jem'Hadar to surrender I will be there, but I will not dance. Captain. Yes, sir. I was not aware I had any plans. I am not a diplomat. Well my first loyalty is to you, Captain. It has been a great honour serving with you, sir. I accept. Have you ever considered Minsk? Minsk. Minsk. But when we scanned the fire caves, there was no sign of him. Colonel Kira and Chief O'Brien have completed another scan of the planet. As far as they can tell, he is not there.
