We've been worried about you. Well that's a relief. I'd hate to have to start calling you Curzon. Oh? Ezri Dax. Of course it is. I haven't been away from Trill that long. The important thing is you're doing well. I'll do everything I can. Now. When are you coming home? Ezri, you haven't been home in three years. Ezri Tigan. Dax. You tell your commanding officer that your mother is a very difficult woman, and that she refuses to help look for Mister O'Brien unless you're allowed to return home right away. Ezri, goodbye. I'll see you when you get here. [Corridor] I hate your hair. Have you eaten? Good. Because I've got Korella working on a very special dinner. Have you taken care of Lorkin? I want him paid and gone before dinner's ready. And what about that third quarter review I asked you for? You've been working on it for a week now. I know you don't like doing the bookkeeping, but I really need that review as soon as possible, all right? Good. I want to show you the new solarium. I had these tiles all brought in from Andoria and then hand painted by a very charming old man I met on a trip to the Hovarian cluster. (Ezri and Yanas leave.) Whatever happened to that young man you were interested in on the Destiny? Lieutenant, er, something? Yes. Don't be embarrassed, dear. It's not your fault. You should've gone through years of training to receive a symbiont. It wasn't fair of them to join you to Dax just because you happened to be the only Trill on board. It's no surprise to me you're having trouble sorting out eight lifetimes of memories and experiences. I'm sure. But don't you worry. We'll take care of you, won't we? Ezri, you always were too proud for your own good. [Norvo's bedroom] (A male artist's room - a bit of a tip.) I hope you're satisfied. Have you seen Norvo today? Well maybe you should. He's lying in bed with a hangover. When I woke up this morning I found him passed out in the entry room. Evidently he spent most of the night doing this. (graffiti on a painting) You think it's funny? That's nonsense. I'm proud of him. I'm trying to encourage him. You've barely spent one night in this house and you think you can analyse our entire family? You don't know your brother anymore, Ezri. He's is a fragile young man who needs to be cared for. How dare you come in here and tell me how to be a mother! What do you know about raising children? I have worked and sacrificed for each one of you for over thirty years. (Doorbell.) Not now! I'm pleased to meet you, Mister O'Brien. Can you? Thank you. I will. (Fuchida leaves) Ezri, why don't you show Mister O'Brien to one of out guest rooms. Let him clean up and have something to eat. Mister O'Brien, how are you feeling? Glad to hear it. I understand that you're an engineer. We have a problem with a trans-sonic drill that no one on my staff seems capable of fixing, and I would appreciate it very much if you would be kind enough to take a look at it. How much rest do you require, Mister O'Brien? Thank you. I'll see you at dinner. (Yanas leaves.) What would you do on Deep Space Nine? Clear your head of what? Then why do you need a vacation? You're spending time with her right now, aren't you? I'll be right there. Norvo, this is a very bad time for you to take a vacation. We have far too much work to do. Have you finished the review? Well then, maybe you should get to it. Let's go. [Tigan home office] Why was this woman on our payroll? To whom? And what favour did they do for us? Because I trusted you. Obviously it was a mistake. You dragged your little brother into this? Don't you rationalise what you've done. Janel, if you have anything to do with this, now is the time to speak. I'm asking. You stay out of this. Listen to me. I will get you the very best solicitor on New Sydney, but you must tell me the truth. Oh, Janel, why don't I believe you? Why don't I believe that this woman just happened to die at the exact moment she was pressuring you for more money? Then who did? Oh, Norvo. This isn't my fault, is it, Ezri? I didn't do this, did I? (Ezri leaves.) [Quark's cafe]
