Thank you for seeing me, Emissary. I am here with a warning from the Prophets. They don't want you to let the Cardassians come aboard the station. If you do, you will bring destruction on us all. Not at all. I'm simply telling you what was foretold in the ancient texts. Trakor's third, when he first encountered the Orb of Change. Perhaps you should make more time to study the texts, child. Exactly. Trakor's words are clear. When the river wakes, stirred once more to Janir's side, three vipers will return to their nest in the sky. The river has awoken, Emissary. Just as Trakor prophesied over three thousand years ago. And even now, the vipers are making their way here. Yes, and this station is their nest in the sky. Trakor said when the vipers try to peer through the temple gates, a sword of stars will appear in the heavens, the temple will burn and the gates will be cast open. You must not let the Cardassians come here. You must not let them violate the Celestial Temple or they will destroy it and Bajor will be cut off from the Prophets forever. Don't you see? This communications relay you hope to create is part of the prophecy. It will allow the vipers to peer through the temple gates. The wormhole, as you call it. And if they do, the temple will be destroyed. There will be three vipers. You will see. None of that matters. You must listen to me. I know it is difficult for you to accept because you are not Bajoran. I have studied the prophecies all my life. We are on the verge of a great disaster. Yes. As is the Kai herself. They have chosen to ignore the signs. That is why I came to you, Emissary. Because I have faith in you. I know that you will do what must be done. I hope that you will reconsider, Emissary. My followers and I will remain on the station and pray that you change your mind. Major, may I have a word with you? Have you been able to convince the Emissary to reconsider his decision? But you must. If not, the Celestial Temple will be destroyed. Don't you believe in the Prophecies? And don't you believe that Commander Sisko is the Emissary? So you do believe he's the Emissary. You just don't want him to know that. I understand. You want him to know that he can count on you as an officer under his command. You want to keep your work and your faith separate. I'm afraid that's no longer possible. The Prophets have chosen you to help the Emissary make this decision. A decision that has profound implications for all of Bajor. You must convince him to make the Cardassians leave before the Sword of Stars appears. It is not I who is asking, it is the Prophets. If you turn your back on them now, you're abandoning your faith. And without your faith, Nerys, what do you have left? [Quark's] Emissary, I'm sorry I doubted you. I realise now I let my distrust of the Cardassians blind me to the Prophets' words. Perhaps so. There are signs that Trakor's fourth prophecy will soon come to pass as well. You, Commander? Well, it is a prophecy about the Emissary. The fourth prophecy says that the Emissary will face a fiery trial and he'll be forced to choose <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
