It's a long story, Benjamin. Why don't you come down and we'll talk about it over some raktajino. Oh, I forgot. You're trying to cut down. [Town square] (In a lush green valley with a wind farm on one side and a ploughed field nearby is a small town. O'Brien, Worf, Dax and Sisko beam down.) Yedrin. Yedrin Dax. (He is clearly a Trill.) Go ahead, Jadzia, scan me. You'll find the Dax symbiont right here. The symbiont has been passed down to Jadzia's descendents for three generations. I remember all of you like it was yesterday. If you scan Miranda, you'll find that her DNA is substantially similar to that of the Chief's. You and Rita were married ten years after the Defiant crashed. You were trapped here, Miles, two hundred years in the past. There was no going home. There was no chance of ever seeing your family again. You were the last to give up hope, but eventually you had to make a new life for yourself here. I know that face, Benjamin. You're still not convinced that we're telling you the truth. All right. If you want, I could tell you something that only Curzon would know. Do you remember that dancer that you met on Pelios station? The one who Jadzia designed it as an educational programme. She took Quark's image from the security logs of the Defiant. I've always thought that Quark would make a great math teacher. He's so good with numbers. Oh yes. You'll find a lot of them here. The name has been passed down through the O'Brien line. A portable generator, a replicator, a few phasers, tricorders. Things of that sort. To who? It was two hundred years ago. The wormhole hadn't even been discovered yet. There was no way back to the Alpha Quadrant. Um. Kira died a few weeks after the crash. The energy discharge that struck her on the Bridge damaged her neural pathways. The Defiant didn't have the medical equipment that Julian needed to treat her. Of course. Not necessarily. I have a plan, and the key is what happened to Kira on the Bridge. This energy discharge caused a subspace doubling effect. For an instant, every molecule in her body had a corresponding quantum duplicate. There were literally two Kiras. If we make certain modifications to the Defiant's systems, we should be able to amplify this doubling effect and create a quantum duplicate of the entire ship. When you encounter the temporal anomaly, the duplicate will be thrown back into the past, and the original, you, will pass through the barrier unaffected. Exactly. According to the logs I retrieved from the wreckage, the Defiant encountered the anomaly thirty nine hours after it arrived in orbit. There are almost eight thousand people living on this planet. This is the only chance they have. Thank you, Benjamin. Sounds like you have your hands full down there, Benjamin. [Meeting hall] Oh, good. We're ahead of schedule. You just reminded me of something. The summer after the crash, it was so hot Jadzia cut her hair short. Worf hated it. I remember promising to grow it back in time for the wedding. The next fall. Benjamin performed the ceremony. I'll never forget Worf's voice as he said the vows. It was shaking. He's a good man, Jadzia. Don't worry. You'll learn to handle him. [Town square] (O'Brien is working on the well pump.) Now that you know, what are you going to do about it? Damn it, Ben. If you don't take the Defiant back in time, the eight thousand people on this planet will cease to exist. It's what would have happened. Who's to say it's not what's supposed to happen? Look around you, Benjamin. Think of the things that you've seen since you got here. This is what your crew and their descendents will build if you let history play itself out. I'm not saying that it won't be hard at first, but they will have good lives here. Happy lives. Is one life too much to ask if it saves eight thousand? I have to make that call because I'm responsible for what happened here! Jadzia knows what I'm talking about. She's the one who insisted that the Defiant investigate this planet. You know as well as I do that you should have been more careful. You should have seen that the barrier was unstable when you scanned it. And because of you, because of me, Kira died and forty eight people were stranded here. You don't know what it was like to live with that. For years, Benjamin, every time I looked at you all I could think of was Jake and how because of me, he would never see his father again. Eventually I had to accept the fact there was nothing I could do to change things. I couldn't bring Kira back. All I could do was look to the future, Benjamin, and make sure that we survived here no matter what. This community is my responsibility. For two centuries, I have watched it grow into something to be proud of. For generations these people have worked to make a life for themselves here. They deserve a chance to hang on to it. Planting day has always been important here. It brings everyone together. Somehow it feels right to see it through. [Field] (Most of our people help with the planting. Pushing a motorised hand-plough, making planting holes. Compost goes in the bottom and the plant on top. Kira is scattering seed. Miranda is handing out the rooted plants.) The navigational logs from the original crash. Download them into the ship's autopilot and it'll match the original trajectory. That should send the Defiant back to the right point in time.
