(the Vorta) Ferengi. Show yourself. We're here to trade. Ferengi, I don't like to be kept waiting. What a touching and heartfelt reunion. I'm glad I was here to witness it. Now, where's Keevan? I wish to conclude this transaction. What kind of assurances? That would leave me in a very vulnerable position. One Vorta against six Ferengi. I feel safer already. Now where's Keevan? That would leave me stranded here. I see. And by the time they return, you'll be long gone. On the other hand, I could have my Jem'Hadar storm the Infirmary and kill you all. Keevan's fate has already been sealed. Your people have a reputation for cunning. I see that it's well earned. Perhaps one day the Ferengi will take their place as valued members of the Dominion. I will begin to evacuate the Jem'Hadar at once. We'll be waiting. Wait. This should be interesting. (Nog quickly produces a big knife and cuts Ishka's hand.) Not really. I was cloned. And no patience. We'll meet back here in one half hour. Don't be late. It's time, Ferengi. Bring out your prisoner. I've done as you asked. The Jem'Hadar are on their way back to Dominion territory. We are alone on the station. Now bring out Keevan and we can conclude our business. I'm waiting. That is unnecessary. The Jem'Hadar are gone. Now bring me Keevan. No, not in a few minutes, now! Or maybe you've changed your mind and you don't want your mother back. Kill her. Excellent. And I thought the Breen were annoying. Very well, five minutes. But I will not tolerate any more delays. Why am I not surprised? What's wrong with the Promenade? Only too well. But I must say your lack of trust saddens me. Seventy five hundred lots of hipicate futures? Fascinating. I'd love to hear more, but if your son doesn't show up soon I'm afraid I'm going to have to kill you. I've been ready for hours. Agreed. What have they done to him? (Keevan starts veering right.) Stop them! A bulkhead opens and Leck downs a Jem'Hadar with a thrown knife. Yelgrun drops to his knees, Rom shoots the other Jem'Hadar and Keevan keeps bumping.) Ferengi.
