Here. (takes a swig out of a bottle) Good programme. Invite me to dinner. Are you sure? (The alien nods, and Zek tucks in.) My compliments, Quark. These tube grubs are chilled to perfection. (Krax turns the lazy susan) Did I say I was finished? I saw your cousin Barbo recently. They finally released him. He told me how the two of you sold those defective warp drives to the Tarahong government. Very clever. He also spoke of how you betrayed him to the authorities and left him to rot behind bars while you kept all the profits. Never allow family to stand in the way of opportunity. I certainly never have. You see, I told you he had brains. You've done well for yourself, Quark. Never contradict your elders. It's impolite. It was a stroke of brilliance to open a bar so close to a stable wormhole. That's what makes it so impressive. He had the instinct, the ears, to make the smart move before anyone else did. You could learn from his example. Boy! Boy! (Nog brings over a tray of large toothpicks.) Did he say homework? And you allow your son to attend such a place. Most distressing. Now, speaking of business. Quark, I've come to ask you a favour, and one that would be very important to me. I need your bar. And your services as host, for an important conference to be held here tomorrow at nine o'clock sharp. The future. And for Ferengi business interests, the future is already here. And its name is the Gamma Quadrant. [Ops] I see we're all here. (to Quark) No, you stay. Gentlemen, be seated. [Promenade - upper level] And lastly, I would like to salute Nava, whose takeover of the Arcybite mining refineries in the Clarius system is now complete. I congratulate you all. Profits are better than ever. Nevertheless, it is becoming more and more difficult to find truly lucrative business opportunities here in the Alpha Quadrant. And why? Because no matter where we go, our reputation precedes us. A reputation tainted by the lies of our competitors, who maliciously spread the erroneous impression that we are not to be trusted. But now, thanks to the discovery of the wormhole, for the first time we can now avoid such falsehoods. The Gamma Quadrant, gentlemen. Millions of new worlds at our very doorstep. The potential for Ferengi business expansion is staggering. It'll be the good old days all over again. I thank you for your confidence, but I must decline the offer. I'm old. The fire dims. I'm just not as greedy as I used to be. No, my mind's made up. I've already chosen my successor. A leader whose vision, imagination, and avarice will oversee Ferengi ventures in the Gamma Quadrant. The new Grand Nagus. Quark! (General disbelief and consternation) Congratulations. I know you'll do a wonderful job. [Sisko's quarters] (Family breakfast) So am I, and please, call me Zek. Now, which would you choose. Risa or Balosnee Six? For my vacation. My first in eighty five years. I'm told on Balosnee the soothing harmonies of the tide can cause the most stimulating hallucinations. But when I think of those voluptuous Risian females So he's the first, is he? Well, he won't be the last. To survive, you must surround yourself with loyal men. But not too loyal. Never trust anyone who places your prosperity above their own. And remember, when in doubt, be ruthless. Release him. (Zek, Maihar'du, and Odo.) Don't you recognise your father? You saw me enter a Dolbargy sleeping trance. Maihar'du taught it to me. It was a test to see if you were ready to take my place. And you failed miserably. You don't grab power. You accumulate it quietly without anyone noticing. The bar, you fool. That was the key. All those visitors stopping by on their way to and from the wormhole. You could have sat there quietly at your leisure and gathered up all the information you needed about the Gamma Quadrant. You could have let him hold the sceptre while you controlled everything from the shadows. And then, when everything was running smoothly, only then would you take over. No! I'm not interested in excuses. Go back to the ship. We'll be leaving here shortly. It's like, it's like talking to a Klingon. [Quark's] Yes, it looks like I'll have to remain Grand Nagus long enough to establish a Ferengi presence in the Gamma Quadrant. And I was really looking forward to retirement. If I hear of any good Gamma Quadrant deals you'd be right for, I'll let you know. You've done a very profitable job with this place. Who knows, maybe one day I'll come back and buy it from you. (Zek and Maihar'du leave)
Why do you look so surprised? I told you I'd be back. Still the perfect little toady, eh, Quark? Then listen carefully. The Ferengi expansion into the Gamma Quadrant is about to begin. I'd like you to be my chief negotiator. That's right. I'm offering you an opportunity to make more profit than you ever dreamed of. All you have to do is earn it. [Commander's office]
Rom! What can I do for you, my boy? Who's disturbed? I've been hoping someone would drop by. Now come right in. Quark. I knew you'd be lurking around here someplace. Well, what are we standing out here for? I've got something very exciting to show you both. [Quark's quarters] (The place is bare) I got rid of it. It was getting in the way of my work. I'm glad you asked. Maihar'du, the book. (Maihar'du is sitting in a corner, looking rather worried.) You are about to read the shining triumph of my life. The one thing I'll always be remembered for. By all means. I hope you like them. Absorb, enjoy. (Zek goes into the bedroom) Quark, my boy. What say we buy everyone a drink? Put it on my tab. It will make everyone happy. And that will make me happy. Actually, I've lost my taste for beetle snuff. It might be fun for you and me, but it's no fun for the beetles. Oh, and by the way, Quark, I just met the most lovely young female. She came by your quarters looking for you. She wanted me to tell you that her family's ship has arrived with the latinum. I don't think so. Which was never signed. And frankly, Quark, you were charging an outrageous price for those stem bolts. Well, she did once I explained it to her. Well, I couldn't allow you take advantage of an innocent young female like that, Quark. So I told her where she could get all the stem bolts she needed at wholesale. Oh, don't worry about him. Eventually, he'll sell those stem bolts at a fair price. That's understandable. It'll take some time to get used to the new ways. Walk with me, Rom. (Maihar'du pours alcohol into a pint jug.) [Cargo bay] (There's a dart board with flashing lights on the wall and someone's just thrown 13, 19, 14) That tickles. As a matter of fact, I already have. You see, I told you. They're like a couple of nervous investors always looking for trouble. Oh, well, I suppose I should be flattered. Thank you, Doctor. You've been very helpful. Here, Doctor. For your trouble. Why not? It's only money. Donate it to charity if you'd like. Oh, and Doctor, I do hope you'll attend tomorrow night's ceremony. At the Bajoran shrine on the Promenade. I intend to give a gift to the Bajoran people. It's a surprise. You'll find out tomorrow night like everyone else. Come along. We have a lot of work to do before then. So many needy people, so little time. [Airlock] What's the matter, Quark? Spinning out of control, are we? Maybe. Maybe not. (Quark's upstairs at a cafe table with the box in front of him. He opens it to reveal Zek's head.) Looking for answers? You couldn't find them if they were dangling from your lobes. (He's on the ground floor looking up at Zek.) Where's that old Quark cleverness I've heard so much about? Or are you so paralysed with fear that you can't think straight? (Zek changes position to the second floor.) Answer me, Quark. What are you so nervous about? Don't you think change is worth dying for? All I want is a little leap of faith. (Zek jumps over the railing, and Quark catches the orb box.) Nice catch. That's the wonderful thing about mysteries. Sometimes the answers just fall from the sky. What do you have to lose? Open it. (It's the Rules of Acquisition. His regular customers including Morn all applaud.) Consider it a gift. My goodness, I never knew solar flares could be so devastating to a planet's agriculture. Now let me see. At current market rates two thousand tons of Kohlanese barley would cost me a hundred and eighty nine bars of gold press latinum but it's worth it. I can have the first shipment of barley on the way to you in (looks up) Oh, hold on. I'll be right back. (Ends transmission.) How can I help you, boys? (Maihar'du puts a sack over Zek's head) [Corridor] (Zek is humming to himself in the sack over Maihar'du's shoulder.) Don't worry, Quark. I forgive you. You know, my boy, I should be very angry with you. Not in the slightest. I can't help myself. I like you. Now, where have you taken me? This is exactly what happened the last time I was in here. The wormhole aliens are delightful people, but they like their privacy. Well, I see you've brought the Orb of Wisdom with you. That should do the trick. Now, if you really want to get their attention, open the box. That's what I did. You'd better hurry. I got the dampening field on this ship for a substantial discount. [Limbo] (Sisko holding out the Nagus's staff.) (Kira giving Quark a PADD.) (Emi stroking Quark's ears in his quarters) (Dax and Quark playing tongo in Quark's) Quark. Quark! Quark, are you all right? Oh stop toadying up to me, Quark. It's revolting. Just get me out of here. I have an Orb to sell to the Bajorans. I'm going to make them pay through the nose. And speaking of noses, where's my beetle snuff? You're wrinkling my suit. Remember what I said, Quark. If anyone asks, you have no idea what happened to the charity money. And you're sure you've destroyed every last copy of the revised Rules of Acquisition? Head? He'd better. (Zek sneezes on Quark and leaves. Maihar'du gives Quark his handkerchief and pats him on the head.)
Hello, Rom. Quark, that's what I said. I want to see you in the Tower of Commerce right away. Don't keep me waiting.
Quark! Rom! It's good to see you, boys. Come along, my dear. (Instead of a loose dress, Moogie is in a figure revealing catsuit.) No, you go right ahead, my dear. If you insist. Three days ago, I added a new amendment to the Ferengi Bill of Opportunities giving females the right to wear clothes. Face it, Quark. It's good business. For thousands of years, Ferenginar has allowed a valuable resource to go to waste. They make up fifty three point five percent of the population and contribute virtually nothing to gross planetary income. I say it's time they started pulling their own weight. The moment fully clothed females started appearing on the streets of Ferenginar, financial chaos erupted all over the planet. There was so much buying and selling throughout the Alliance that the entire planetary communications grid shut down. I've been deposed. I'm no longer Grand Nagus. Acting Grand Nagus Brunt. And they won't for three more days. Boys, together we're going to reconquer an empire or die in the attempt. [Quark's quarters] As of this moment, I declare this site to be the headquarters of the sole legitimate government of Ferenginar. Acting Nagus. I'm not worried. I have a secret weapon. Your mother. Now here's the plan. One, we contact every FCA Commissioner and invite them to the station for a meeting. Two, Ishka runs the meeting. Maybe not at first, but she'll win them over. Using her vast financial knowledge and her keen instinct for profit, she'll prove once and for all that allowing females to wear clothing is the first step toward a healthier and more prosperous Ferengi economy. And three. What was three again, my dear? And who can ask for a happier ending than that. I'll try not to hold that against him. Would you like to hear more? Meaning what? She doesn't look broke to me. Just having a little harmless fun, my sweet. Now Quark, you and your brother get rid of some of this furniture. And you, (Nog) get three subspace transceivers off my ship and set them up in here. And where's my beetle snuff? (Maihar'du hands the box over.) Grand Nagus Brunt. (sneeze) (Later, everyone is making calls over subspace.) Are you sure you contacted every Commissioner on this list? And you could only convince one of them to attend the meeting? I helped every one of those people earn a fortune, and this is how they repay me? Unfortunately, he's a influential voice for the status quo. Well, it's a start, at least. Acting Grand Nagus Brunt. What are you doing here, Brunt? If that's what it takes. I never should have given you your job back with the FCA. My boy, I'm proud of you. I hope so, for my sake, for her sake, for the sake of the entire Ferengi Alliance. And most of all I hope she gets better for your sake, Quark. Because if she doesn't That's exactly the question I keep asking myself. What did you do to her? What's wrong, Quark? Your conscience bothering you? And why is that, Doctor? Well, if you ask me, Quark, the worst thing that ever happened to the Ferengi Alliance is you. We can't postpone the meeting! In two days, the FCA is going to confirm Brunt as the new Grand Nagus. By the time I get through with you, you're the one who's going to need charity. And a very beautiful one at that. But Nilva's expecting to meet with a Ferengi female. No, we're not. You think if Ishka were here she'd give up? That's not my point. Your mother would never accept defeat. If she couldn't find another female, she'd, she'd, she'd She'd make one. Better than a hologram. You. [Rom's quarters] (Rom is putting ear decorations on someone.) You may look like a female but you have to do something about that voice. Well, try harder. Your hips are fine. Now let's get down to business. These are your mother's notes for her meeting with Nilva. Study them carefully. Oh, nonsense. You just need a little time to practice your presentation. Forget it, Quark. Rom may make a better female than you, but when it comes to business, you're the better Ferengi. (stroking Quark's thigh) I think you're doing wonderfully, my dear. I'm proud of you. (slap) I'm sorry. You know, you may walk like a man, but you make a very attractive female. Confusing, isn't it? Who is? That Nilva, he's a tricky one. But he makes a good cola. Nog, I want you to escort the chairman to his quarters. Tell him I'll meet him for dinner tonight. Tell him that Ishka is sick, but that tomorrow he'll be meeting with my other female financial advisor, er, er, Lumba. You'd better start memorising those notes. And you'd better work on that voice. Has anyone ever told you that you have lovely eyes? [Airlock] Now? Nilva! Well, why don't you and I have dinner tonight and try to figure it out. We can go to Quark's and get some nice, juicy snail steaks. You can meet with Lumba tomorrow. Won't you feel uncomfortable being seen in public with a clothed female? I hope we're not interrupting anything. We just wanted to say goodbye before we go back to Ferenginar. And where, if all goes according to plan, the FCA commissioners will once again proclaim me Grand Nagus. I wouldn't have it any other way. Don't worry. I'm sure it won't last. You'll be back to your old self in no time. (Zek, Ishka and Maihar'du leave.)
Hello, Quark. It's me, your Grand Nagus. You'll never guess where I am. If you said Risa, guess again. I'm in the alternate universe! You're probably wondering how I got here well, you're going to have to keep on wondering, because I don't have time to tell you. You see, I'm in a bit of trouble. I'm being held prisoner by the Alliance and I'm going to need you to help me regain my freedom. The Regent said he would send me home in exchange for a ship's cloaking device. They don't have them in this universe. I wish I'd known that before I got here. I could've saved myself a lot of aggravation and made a nice profit at the same time. However, my fate is in your hands, Quark. I need a cloaking device and I need it now. You're the only one I can count on. If you do this for me I promise I'll be eternally grateful. And don't forget to tell your mother I love her. Goodbye.
Is that you, (zzz)? I can barely see you. Sorry about the static. It's raining here. Not this kind of rain. There was an accident at the power plant. The contractor used substandard relays, the greedy bastard. There's a toxic electrostatic cloud hanging over the city. What a frigging mess. The pressure? That's an ungrateful thing (zzz). I'm not pressuring you. You're not making any sense. Now shut up and listen. I'm retiring. Your mother and I are moving to Risa to enjoy our old age and do a lot of (zzz), if you know what I mean. I'll be coming to Deep Space Nine to name my successor. Why do you think? No, my boy. I've chosen you to succeed me. You're going to be the new Grand Nagus! Congratulations, (zzz)! [Replimat] (Bashir walks straight into Ezri carrying a tray of food.) There you are, my boy! I have something for you. My mind is made up, Quark. Whining and complaining won't do anything. Out of the way, Quark. Congratulations, Rom. You're going to make a fine Nagus. What's wrong? You seemed so happy when I talked to you the other day. You? Ew. I thought I was talking to Rom. It must've been all the static. Glad we cleared that up. Shh. A new Ferenginar needs a new kind of Nagus. A kinder, gentler Nagus. And that's you, my boy. It's a great responsibility to stand at the bow of the Ferengi ship of state. A Nagus has to navigate the waters of the Great Material Continuum, avoid the shoals of bankruptcy and seek the strong winds of prosperity. (Rom takes the staff from Zek.) He's not taking it very well. Are you sure we picked the right brother? Good luck, kid. You're going to need it.
