Doctor Bashir, I presume? (Everyone say Hi! to Robert Picardo, this time playing the creator of the Voyager EMH.) I'm Louis Zimmerman, Director of Holographic Imaging and Programming at the Jupiter Research Station. And I'm here to make you immortal. [Captain's office] (A ship that looks very like Voyager is leaving the station.) You're familiar, of course, with the Emergency Medical Holographic Programme? It does much more than provide assistance. I'm surprised you don't have one on the station. How unfortunate for you. In any case, the original EMH was designed for short-term use only. But now Starfleet has requested a programme designed to operate as full-time doctor. No, no, of course not. Why is everyone so worried about holograms taking over the universe? In short, anywhere that life-support or living space is at a premium and where the primary mission does not require the doctor to leave Sickbay. Technically, it is a LMH. Long-term Medical Holographic Programme. And yes, Starfleet Medical has selected Doctor Bashir to provide the template. Me. It was my programme after all. It only seemed logical to use myself as a model. It is nothing less than a shot at immortality. The original EMH programme will probably still be in use for decades to come. The LMH will undoubtedly last far longer than that. That is, if I can work out certain technical problems. Now, I'll need to remain here for at least three weeks. I'll need quarters, access to your main computer, a technician to install my equipment, a high-speed data link with my lab. Let's go. [Infirmary] (O'Brien is up a ladder, putting holo-projectors in the ceiling.) I pride myself on my attention to detail. It will be necessary for the holo doctor to interact naturally with patients for weeks, possibly even months. The doctor will be expected to share amusing anecdotes, extend sympathy, swap dirty jokes and even have culinary opinions formed by experience. That is why we bother to choose a human template in the first place. If you two could suspend your oh so amusing banter for the moment, I'd like to begin the optical parameter scans. Just stand there and look like a doctor. If you can. [Quark's cafe] (Looking down at the dabo wheel, and Leeta's 'brains'.) We don't have anything like this on Jupiter Station. Or like her. Who is she? Who broke it off? Oh, I like her already. (Leeta looks up, sees Zimmerman looking down and smiles.) I think I'll have to add her name to my list of interviews. I'll be conducting in-depth interviews with your friends, colleagues, family members, in order to build a more rounded psychological profile for the LMH. Why? I see. Well, I certainly understand. Note. Contact subject's parents immediately. [Infirmary] Computer, activate LMH test program one. Does it meet with your approval? This is a test run. I can assure you that the final product will be zesty. Not yet. First I have to load the LMH with the basic database and software configurations of the original programme. Computer, activate the EMH. This is a level three diagnostic. Diagnostics look good. Beginning data transferral. You're being supplemented by a new long-term programme. There. Transfer's complete. We can discuss this at another time. I'm sorry. Too zesty for you? As I said, I've loaded the LMH with the basic EMH software package. We'll have to build a new set of algorithms based on your scintillating personality. There may be no preventing that. But we'll see what his friends have to say. [Wardroom] What were your initial impressions of Doctor Bashir? Good and bad. You mean he was difficult. Could you elaborate on that? Are you implying that he harassed you with unwanted advances? I see. Could you be more specific? (Morn shrugs.) You're not being very helpful. You can rest assured that I will keep anything you say in the strictest confidence. You have my word. Positive. There is one other thing. Would you have dinner with me this evening? [Quark's] (Down in the bar, Rom sees Louis and Leeta up on the next level. He aims his lobes at their table.) I bet you are. You're a fascinating woman, Leeta. Not at all. You're charming, intelligent [Quark's cafe] Witty and extraordinarily beautiful. Of course. (Rom and Leeta move away for some privacy.) I'm sorry it upsets you, but their input is I did not bring them here. I simply issued an invitation. It is urgent, to me. Like it or not, they're an important part of your background and I need to interview them. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a delivery to make. [Leeta's quarters] (Doorbell rings just as Leeta has got out of the shower.) Have I caught you at a bad time? Of course. I spoke to some of my colleagues at the Jupiter Station this morning. It seems that the manager of our station cafe has decided to quit. They're still looking for a new manager. Someone with experience in both food service and entertainment. Someone like you. Yes. I've already taken the liberty of speaking to our station's commanding officer and she's amenable to the idea. The cafe is yours if you want it. Not at all. (Leeta takes the bouquet and retreats to the bedroom again.) It's not very big. Less than half the size of Quark's. But here's room for a couple of dom-jot tables. That puts you one step ahead of our last bartender. You know me, and I was hoping you would consider staying with me. You see? You're warming up to me already. Given time, you might begin to feel more. Just as I do. Besides, you said you liked cerebral men, and at the risk of sounding immodest, I have a towering intellect. Come with me, Leeta, please. I promise that you won't regret it. I know I won't. Take all the time you need. [Guest quarters] (Family dinner, and you can cut the atmosphere with a blunt knife) Do you hear that? It's getting closer. We heard you the first time. No, don't be. True love should always win. I'm happy for you. Really. I don't think so. Perhaps I'm better suited to a life of solitary research. (An alien lady walks past, taking his eyes with her.) and dedication to my chosen field of study. Don't worry about me, I'll be fine. Goodbye. (to alien, going through the airlock) Excuse me are you familiar with the ancient text known as the Kama Sutra? You remind me of an etching [Quark's] (Rom and Leeta are at the wheel.)
